gw
4
ol: glow
er: grew
ro: grow
an: gnaw
6
uaff: guffaw
oosl: goslow
7
oasgl: glasgow

gu
3
n: gnu
4
ru: guru
6
etaa: gateau

gt
3
u: gut
e: get
o: got
4
en: gent
us: gust
is: gist
oa: goat
an: gnat
ul: glut
uo: gout
il: gilt
ia: gait
ri: girt, grit
if: gift
5
raf: graft
ian: giant
run: grunt
ruo: grout
iln: glint
roa: groat
oal: gloat
uil: guilt
ris: grist
eer: greet
osh: ghost
ran: grant
uam: gamut
era: great
uan: gaunt
eus: guest
6
eobb: gobbet
euss: gusset
eolb: goblet
eask: gasket
eann: gannet
eran: garnet
eadg: gadget
erra: garret
iabm: gambit
eull: gullet
eilm: gimlet
eibb: gibbet
eyas: gayest
7
etasl: gestalt
erasv: gravest
eerys: greyest
uoshn: gunshot
erios: goriest
eromm: grommet
eranm: garment
yasnm: gymnast
eruom: gourmet
uoabn: gunboat
aalln: gallant
8
etuiss: gustiest
eiisdd: giddiest
eeersn: greenest
euiasd: gaudiest
uifghn: gunfight
uisghn: gunsight
ioaglv: gigavolt
eetsln: gentlest
oopasl: goalpost
etualn: gauntlet
etopas: gatepost
erismm: grimmest
oassln: glasnost
easddl: gladdest
eiasss: gassiest
erosss: grossest
iasghl: gaslight
eertas: greatest
uiopnn: gunpoint
erasdn: grandest
eriism: grimiest
eriadn: gradient
9
ioodghn: goodnight
eruipsm: grumpiest
rtuiias: guitarist
ertoaac: greatcoat
erttiis: grittiest
eiasssl: glassiest
eriiasn: grainiest
eeerisd: greediest
eeriass: greasiest
euiollm: guillemot
eropash: grapeshot
eiooslm: gloomiest
eiosssl: glossiest
eriasss: grassiest
eruisbb: grubbiest
eeuflcn: genuflect
ertuaan: greataunt
ruuodnn: groundnut
etuiisl: guiltiest
eriosgg: groggiest
eriissl: grisliest
eioosgl: geologist
10
eeeetsln: genteelest
erruipaf: grapefruit
etiosshl: ghostliest
eerovnnm: government
eeriasln: generalist
eetiiscn: geneticist
ruiaasdl: gradualist
eriislzz: grizzliest
etiasshl: ghastliest
11
errpaadnn: grandparent
eeripaasn: greasepaint
eeruosdhn: groundsheet
eeioasgln: genealogist
12
iiooasgllc: glaciologist
rioopasghl: graphologist
eyiiopsshc: geophysicist
13
qeruioadlnn: grandiloquent
eyiooasglcn: gynaecologist
ertiooosgln: gerontologist

gs
3
a: gas
4
em: gems
el: gels
eo: goes
tu: guts
ym: gyms
ag: gags
ya: gays
od: gods
al: gals
um: gums
pa: gaps
in: gins
et: gets
un: gnus, guns
yu: guys
5
aln: glans
all: galls
rab: garbs, grabs
ram: grams
rti: grits
pas: gasps
rip: grips
rin: grins
ril: girls
odl: golds
ual: gauls
ras: grass
ufl: gulfs
tan: gnats
ros: gross
oad: goads
eus: guess
eul: glues
ian: gains
eln: glens
won: gowns
wro: grows
oal: gaols, goals
ull: gulls
til: gilts
wol: glows
toh: goths
een: genes
tus: gusts
ogn: gongs
eaz: gazes
toa: goats
osl: gloss
tia: gaits
rid: grids
ood: goods
oof: goofs
eam: games
eal: gales
wan: gnaws
rub: grubs
oon: goons
eun: genus
eas: gases
tif: gifts
ruu: gurus
asl: glass
agn: gangs
upl: gulps
eiv: gives
aal: galas
ill: gills
eib: gibes
ery: greys
idl: gilds
eta: gates
era: gears
eek: geeks
erm: germs
ero: goers, gores
etn: gents
epa: gapes
6
rtih: girths
eadl: glades
yphl: glyphs
erac: graces
eaff: gaffes
adln: glands
eriv: givers
eisn: gneiss
eral: glares
eram: gamers
erta: grates
erad: grades
rpas: grasps
erpa: grapes
tosh: ghosts
rtun: grunts
eern: genres, greens
wrol: growls
erif: griefs
erov: groves
rill: grills
eraz: grazes
tuil: guilts
eolb: globes
eonm: gnomes
eerd: greeds
ruop: groups
eash: gashes
radn: grands
eerk: greeks
ealz: glazes
euag: gauges
raln: gnarls
ruod: gourds
tiln: glints
ealb: gables
eolv: gloves
oolm: glooms
ealn: gleans
eert: greets
ealm: gleams
eass: gasses
eidl: glides
rian: grains
rtan: grants
uohl: ghouls
euis: guises
erog: gorges
ridn: grinds
rtaf: grafts
euog: gouges
eagn: ganges
tian: giants
eiob: gobies
euid: guides
uaav: guavas
eetn: genets
erip: gripes
etus: guests
rion: groins
erop: gropes
euin: genius
erav: graves
rtia: gratis
iogn: goings
room: grooms
oadn: gonads
rupm: grumps
rial: grails
eush: gushes
ruad: guards
roan: groans
rtoa: groats
uidl: guilds
rpah: graphs
7
iobbn: gibbons
eramm: grammes
woosl: goslows
eerdn: genders
opall: gallops
erilb: gerbils
oalbm: gambols
erill: grilles
etobb: gobbets
eroal: gaolers
eridl: gilders, girdles, gliders
eruid: guiders
eralb: garbles
weran: gnawers
eosdd: goddess
eralv: gravels
eosdl: godless
iigvn: givings
eyall: galleys
iopss: gossips
eiips: gipsies
etibb: gibbets
euipp: guppies
erign: gingers
erass: grasses
woall: gallows
erudg: grudges
eyips: gypsies
euoas: gaseous
oosdn: godsons
errta: garrets, garters, graters
eassl: glasses
werol: glowers
etuaa: gateaus
etask: gaskets
ruodn: grounds
errad: graders
eiash: geishas
oalln: gallons
eroph: gophers
tiabm: gambits
etilm: gimlets
erugl: gurgles
etilb: giblets
eruos: grouses
errid: girders
ertya: gyrates
eiggl: giggles
eolbb: gobbles
wuaff: guffaws
euill: gullies
etull: gullets
eraag: garages
eyull: gulleys
erunn: gunners
etusl: gutless
eetam: gametes
eashn: gnashes
werro: growers
eossl: glosses
wrtoh: growths
eeonm: genomes
erroc: grocers
erttu: gutters
roogn: gorgons
eioal: goalies
errop: gropers
eeisn: genesis
etadg: gadgets
erolv: grovels
eerys: geysers
eriol: glories
euian: guineas
eeuss: guesses
eragn: gangers
etolb: goblets
eragl: gargles
uiobb: gibbous
erovn: governs
eeriv: grieves
ealcn: glances
eopsl: gospels
erofl: golfers
eranm: germans
iaalv: gavials
etann: gannets
rtuia: guitars
eetoa: goatees
eeras: greases
iolbn: goblins
eoggl: goggles
eriav: gravies
ertia: gaiters
eroov: grooves
eradn: ganders, gardens
eiood: goodies
ertio: goitres
ertan: garnets
ertah: gathers
ealbb: gabbles
ealbm: gambles
erian: gainers
8
tyasnm: gymnasts
eislbn: glibness
erridn: grinders
erroan: groaners
ertomm: grommets
erttoa: garottes
uiidgn: guidings
raadln: garlands
erilmm: glimmers
uuoalc: glaucous
etiann: gentians
errabb: grabbers
eriacm: grimaces
rtiagn: gratings
eeradn: grandees, grenades
riadgn: gradings
eipslm: glimpses
rraamm: grammars
etisln: glistens
eeraln: generals
erroom: groomers
weualn: gunwales
tuoabn: gunboats
wyaagn: gangways
eettaz: gazettes
ruiool: glorious
etialn: genitals
etiasn: giantess
eeticn: genetics
eeallz: gazelles
tuoshn: gunshots
eoosdn: goodness
eralbm: gamblers
riopgn: gropings
erruav: gravures
eeuisn: geniuses
easdln: gladness
taalln: gallants
erppal: grapples
eoashl: galoshes
raaddn: grandads
rtiaav: gravitas
eoalln: galleons
ertanm: garments
erripp: grippers
wroask: gasworks
eruiop: groupies
ttuoln: gluttons
eruiov: grievous
erisnm: grimness
erihkn: gherkins
ertian: gantries, granites
erialz: glaziers
wetyaa: gateways
riiffn: griffins
rioall: gorillas
erialc: glaciers
ooadln: gondolas
eeruon: generous
erulbm: grumbles
erulzz: guzzlers
euollb: globules
raadnm: grandmas
rpaadn: grandpas
eruidl: guilders
eiaalx: galaxies
iikcmm: gimmicks
iosgln: goslings
eertum: gumtrees
ripahc: graphics
erttil: glitters
eertus: gestures
ertuom: gourmets
uiolbm: gumboils
uipshn: gunships
eyoodb: goodbyes
eaddln: gladdens
eruoog: gorgeous
eidgln: geldings
erualn: granules
eriaff: giraffes
eruifn: gunfires
wruopn: grownups
eerriv: grievers
eetiln: gentiles
eriann: grannies
eroslm: gormless
ruioac: gracious
eerysn: greyness
eioogl: googlies
ruopdm: gumdrops
erilnm: gremlins
tuoobm: gumboots
eerras: greasers
eoasll: goalless
9
eeriall: galleries
eerrtah: gatherers
eriiofl: glorifies
toopasl: goalposts
eryoagl: gargoyles
eertign: greetings
eerrioc: groceries
ruiaadn: guardians
wwroolm: glowworms
etyiagb: gigabytes
ruiopgn: groupings
tuuioln: glutinous
easssll: glassless
ruooalm: glamorous
rtioavn: gravitons
etuisll: guiltless
ettopas: gateposts
eeroaxb: gearboxes
erusffn: gruffness
ertiiaf: gratifies
erriaan: granaries
rruuoal: garrulous
euiasdn: gaudiness
eetyopn: genotypes
eeossdd: goddesses
eertasn: greatness
tuishnm: gunsmiths
ertiadn: gradients
eetiivn: genitives
uioadll: gladiolus
rtyioan: gyrations
rttiias: gastritis
eerosvn: governess
ettualn: gauntlets
eeuisll: guileless
eeiosdc: geodesics
ruaaddn: graduands
eiosdln: godliness
erosssn: grossness
erroovn: governors
ertuaad: graduates
ertasgn: gangsters
eetosnm: gemstones
eeertom: geometers
errttoa: garrottes
roasdnn: grandsons
eeertan: generates
eiaglnn: gleanings
eerradn: gardeners
eiisddn: giddiness
eeraslc: graceless
eruiall: guerillas
eruianm: geraniums
eeersnn: greenness
rrioasn: garrisons
ertiiav: gravities
10
rrtooass: grassroots
eryoopsc: gyroscopes
etuiisln: guiltiness
erioodln: gondoliers
ertoodhm: godmothers
tiiiigvn: gingivitis
eerriadn: grenadiers
errtiiac: geriatrics
eiooslnm: gloominess
eeetslnn: gentleness
rttuiias: guitarists
eeuashcn: gaucheness
rtuuodnn: groundnuts
erttuiia: gratuities
tiosdhlm: goldsmiths
eeriacvn: grievances
eeersdln: genderless
eeerisdn: greediness
raassdln: grasslands
rttuuioa: gratuitous
eruoagnn: gangrenous
erttuaan: greataunts
erioassl: glossaries
erryaadv: graveyards
erttoaac: greatcoats
eertuaan: guarantees
eeeraggn: greengages
ertiaghn: gatherings
tyiascnm: gymnastics
euioodkb: guidebooks
ertoadfh: godfathers
eerrtoan: generators
eruosdln: groundless
eyiopshc: geophysics
ruiglbnm: grumblings
eeuiidln: guidelines
eeriidcm: germicides
erruioag: gregarious
ttuuooln: gluttonous
rrtuoaan: guarantors
eryuodhn: greyhounds
etuioaln: gelatinous
rtioaadl: gladiators
rtioaadn: gradations
eerrohnn: greenhorns
etoaslln: gallstones
etioosgl: geologists
ertopadn: godparents
rtoopasd: gastropods
erruiall: guerrillas
eeertiom: geometries
eriiasnn: graininess
eetuoash: gatehouses
etuiollm: guillemots
yuiasnmm: gymnasiums
11
eerropagh: geographers
etiasshln: ghastliness
eriisshln: girlishness
eeeruoshn: greenhouses
eeeioagln: genealogies
ertiaalln: gallantries
eeerossvn: governesses
eeosssdln: godlessness
eertiasln: generalists
rriaaanmm: grammarians
eeruasddn: guardedness
eroopahnm: gramophones
eertoasvn: gravestones
errooaslc: goalscorers
eeeusflln: gleefulness
eriiglnmm: glimmerings
erttiopal: graptolites
euoassshl: glasshouses
rtuioaadn: graduations
erriidfln: girlfriends
tiioaalcn: glaciations
eeeerpakm: gamekeepers
eertioann: generations
eeeuisnnn: genuineness
eettiiscn: geneticists
eertovnnm: governments
etuiiolln: guillotines
eeeriasln: generalises
eeeertpak: gatekeepers
eeeropakl: goalkeepers
12
errtaasdnm: grandmasters
erroppassh: grasshoppers
eruioasscn: graciousness
errtoadhnm: grandmothers
errtaadfhn: grandfathers
eeertiialn: generalities
ertiiaklln: giantkillers
eeruoossgn: gorgeousness
eerriadggv: gravediggers
eeerrrogcn: greengrocers
eerrtaashc: gatecrashers
errtpaadnn: grandparents
eeeruossnm: gruesomeness
eeruasflcn: gracefulness
eeertiiosn: generosities
eerttuipsn: guttersnipes
eeerrioosb: gooseberries
13
etyiiopsshc: geophysicists
eeeuissslln: guilelessness
rtioopasghl: graphologists
errioopshvn: governorships
qeeertuossn: grotesqueness
eerrtttoolb: globetrotters
eetuioflcnn: genuflections
tiiooasgllc: glaciologists
14
ettuiioaslcn: gesticulations
errtuaaddghn: granddaughters
eerruioassgn: gregariousness
eryuoooshcnn: geosynchronous
erttuuioassn: gratuitousness
etyiooasglcn: gynaecologists
rttiiioaafcn: gratifications
15
rtioooodfghnn: goodfornothings
eerrtttiioasn: gastroenteritis
eertiioaaslnn: generalisations
16
ertioooopsghlm: geomorphologists
17
eerrrttoaadghnm: greatgrandmothers

gr
4
eo: goer
ea: gear
5
eof: gofer
eiv: giver
6
eadn: gander
eeys: geyser
epas: gasper
eedn: gender
eran: garner
eidl: glider
eoal: gaoler
erta: garter, grater
etia: gaiter
eroc: grocer
erav: graver
erio: gorier
tuia: guitar
erid: girder
eush: gusher
eraz: grazer
ettu: gutter
weol: glower
erop: groper
ealz: glazer
erad: grader
eibb: gibber
eery: greyer
etah: gather
eunn: gunner
eeig: geiger
wean: gnawer
eagn: ganger
eett: getter
eeez: geezer
euid: guider
eofl: golfer
eoph: gopher
eian: gainer
eign: ginger
wero: grower
7
wuafl: gulfwar
etuis: gustier, gutsier
raamm: grammar
erimm: grimmer
uoalm: glamour
erinn: grinner
eetln: gentler
eulzz: guzzler
eroan: groaner
eridn: grinder
eross: grosser
eeriv: griever
eroom: groomer
ertun: grunter
werol: growler
eaddl: gladder
eiass: gassier
erpas: grasper
etasg: gagster
etuan: gaunter
eiodl: godlier
eialc: glacier
euidl: guilder
eiidd: giddier
eialz: glazier
eeern: greener
erabb: grabber
eripp: gripper
eilmm: glimmer
eruop: grouper
eerta: greater
ealbm: gambler
eradn: grander
ettil: glitter
eolbb: gobbler
8
etasgn: gangster
eerias: greasier
eiossl: glossier
erttii: grittier
uoallb: globular
eriian: grainier
eruibb: grubbier
eruipm: grumpier
ruaaln: granular
erioov: groovier
eroovn: governor
eeerid: greedier
eioolm: gloomier
eeradn: gardener
eeetom: geometer
eiassl: glassier
eriass: grassier
etuiil: guiltier
erulbm: grumbler
eoassm: gossamer
eriisl: grislier
eruadn: grandeur
eertah: gatherer
9
etoodhm: godmother
etoadfh: godfather
etioshl: ghostlier
rtuoaan: guarantor
weuopdn: gunpowder
eeriadn: grenadier
eeettaz: gazetteer
tioaadl: gladiator
eerollv: groveller
eioodln: gondolier
eriilzz: grizzlier
uaadlln: glandular
eoasdhl: gasholder
etiashl: ghastlier
eertoan: generator
eetoasm: gasometer
10
eeeetpak: gatekeeper
eeeepakm: gamekeeper
eeropagh: geographer
eeeopakl: goalkeeper
erooaslc: goalscorer
11
etiiaklln: giantkiller
eroppassh: grasshopper
eeriadggv: gravedigger
eerryadnm: gerrymander
ertaasdnm: grandmaster
eeerrogcn: greengrocer
ertaadfhn: grandfather
ertoadhnm: grandmother
wertuoadn: groundwater
eertaashc: gatecrasher
12
eetoaalvnm: galvanometer
13
ertuaaddghn: granddaughter
16
eerrttoaadghnm: greatgrandmother
eerrttaaadfghn: greatgrandfather
18
eerrttuaaaddgghn: greatgranddaughter

gp
3
a: gap
4
ul: gulp
as: gasp
ri: grip
5
oal: galop
ras: grasp
ruo: group
6
oall: gallop
ioss: gossip
7
ruodm: gumdrop
uishn: gunship
wruon: grownup
9
eetooss: goosestep
11
eeriashln: generalship
12
ruiiaasdhn: guardianship
erriooshvn: governorship
eiaasshnmm: gamesmanship

gy
3
a: gay
u: guy
4
ro: gory
am: gamy
er: grey
5
ass: gassy
ial: gaily
oof: goofy
wak: gawky
eul: gluey
yps: gypsy
eoo: gooey
tus: gusty, gutsy
oll: golly
ood: goody
rav: gravy
ips: gipsy
rim: grimy
odl: godly
ull: gully
rol: glory
idd: giddy
uad: gaudy
upp: guppy
6
ertn: gentry
rann: granny
ialn: gainly
etia: gaiety
eull: gulley
adll: gladly
iasf: gasify
rilm: grimly
illb: glibly
tuil: guilty
rupm: grumpy
eerd: greedy
tilz: glitzy
rubb: grubby
adfl: gadfly
oodl: goodly
iggl: giggly
ossl: glossy
rass: grassy
oolm: gloomy
eall: galley
ealm: gamely
rian: grainy
rtan: gantry
aalx: galaxy
risl: grisly
rogg: groggy
agln: gangly
rtti: gritty
etln: gently
assl: glassy
oogl: googly
ullm: glumly
roov: groovy
eras: greasy
7
waagn: gangway
eerln: greenly
rossl: grossly
riofl: glorify
rilzz: grizzly
radln: grandly
toshl: ghostly
uiadl: gaudily
ruffl: gruffly
erunn: gunnery
erall: gallery
tashl: ghastly
rtiaf: gratify
ruohc: grouchy
eranm: germany
tualn: gauntly
iaasn: gainsay
wetaa: gateway, getaway
rtiav: gravity
eoogl: geology
eralv: gravely
iiddl: giddily
erroc: grocery
ertal: greatly
iopss: gossipy
rraan: granary
erign: gingery
8
iossll: glossily
erttil: glittery
oalllb: globally
ertadg: gadgetry
rioggl: groggily
eeerrn: greenery
ruiplm: grumpily
erallv: gravelly
ttuoln: gluttony
roassl: glossary
riashl: garishly
eeridl: greedily
rttuia: gratuity
ioollm: gloomily
eertom: geometry
erigln: gingerly
ipagln: gapingly
eialln: genially
eerfln: greenfly
iikcmm: gimmicky
tuiill: guiltily
weiaav: giveaway
9
riopgln: gropingly
riishll: girlishly
wioglln: glowingly
uiaflln: gainfully
eeetlln: genteelly
eeralln: generally
iaalllc: glacially
ruaadll: gradually
riikcmm: gimmickry
eruaddl: guardedly
riaglln: glaringly
taallln: gallantly
eeoagln: genealogy
eeuflll: gleefully
etiialn: geniality
eropagh: geography
rtaalln: gallantry
ettiiln: gentility
eeuilnn: genuinely
10
ruioaslc: graciously
rtooasnm: gastronomy
roopaghl: graphology
iooagllc: glaciology
eruioslv: grievously
eerroosb: gooseberry
eeruosln: generously
eeruoslm: gruesomely
rttuuall: gutturally
eertialn: generality
ertuafll: gratefully
eruafllc: gracefully
eruoosgl: gorgeously
eertiosn: generosity
ruidggln: grudgingly
ruioosll: gloriously
11
eetallnnm: gentlemanly
tuiiilllb: gullibility
eeriallcn: generically
rtiioasdn: grandiosity
eetiallcn: genetically
rrtuiaaln: granularity
erttoascm: gastrectomy
eyooaglcn: gynaecology
ripaahllc: graphically
ertooogln: gerontology
qeertuosl: grotesquely
eerassllc: gracelessly
12
eiooaglllc: geologically
eeerrrogcn: greengrocery
erruioasgl: gregariously
eertioshcm: geochemistry
tiiaagllcn: gigantically
rtyiiafgln: gratifyingly
errtooaccn: gerontocracy
rttuuioasl: gratuitously
13
eroooopghlm: geomorphology
eertioallcm: geometrically
rtiaaallcmm: grammatically
erttiooaasn: geostationary
ertuooaddln: goodnaturedly
14
eruuoooddhlm: goodhumouredly
eriopaaghllc: geographically
15
eetioaagllcnm: geomagnetically
rttiioaaallvn: gravitationally

gx
7
etuaa: gateaux
eroab: gearbox

gg
3
a: gag
i: gig
4
on: gong
ro: grog
an: gang
5
ion: going
6
uiln: gluing
ianm: gaming
ipan: gaping
tian: gating
iagn: gaging
iazn: gazing
rion: goring
iivn: giving
7
wiakn: gawking
eisnn: ginseng
ttuin: gutting
riacn: gracing
riipn: griping
euiln: glueing
uiidn: guiding
iaddn: gadding
tiifn: gifting
iiann: gaining
ioadn: goading
uinnn: gunning
ioofn: goofing
riopn: groping
ialzn: glazing
eidln: gelding
eryin: greying
rialn: glaring
riazn: grazing
wiann: gnawing
wioln: glowing
iofln: golfing
rtian: grating
iagnn: ganging
riogn: gorging
tuisn: gusting
uishn: gushing
iidln: gilding, gliding
uiagn: gauging
riidn: girding
uipln: gulping
iassn: gassing
iosln: gosling
wrion: growing
uiogn: gouging
ipasn: gasping
uinmm: gumming
ialln: galling
iashn: gashing
ettin: getting
erian: gearing
riadn: grading
iaggn: gagging
8
ioggln: goggling
eriivn: grieving
ruidgn: grudging
iossln: glossing
ripasn: grasping
iolbbn: gobbling
rtyian: gyrating
rioonm: grooming
etuisn: guesting
rioovn: grooving
riinnn: grinning
ialbbn: gabbling
ruigln: gurgling
euissn: guessing
riabbn: grabbing
iaglnn: gangling
tioshn: ghosting
eriasn: greasing
rtiafn: grafting
rtuion: grouting
rialbn: garbling
riagln: gargling
wiooll: golliwog
rialnn: gnarling
ruiopn: grouping
riilln: grilling
eertin: greeting
riidln: girdling
rtiann: granting
ryioln: glorying
ialcnn: glancing
ialbnm: gambling
etilnn: gentling
eerinn: greening
riippn: gripping
tioaln: gloating
iiggln: giggling
ruibbn: grubbing
riidnn: grinding
tiilnn: glinting
eruiln: grueling
uilzzn: guzzling
wrioln: growling
iashnn: gnashing
rtuinn: grunting
rttiin: gritting
ioalnm: gloaming
rioann: groaning
eialnm: gleaming
eialnn: gleaning
ruiadn: guarding
9
iipslnm: glimpsing
eruilln: gruelling
ertuisn: gesturing
iopalln: galloping
werioln: glowering
ertiahn: gathering
erriann: garnering
eriovnn: governing
rttioan: garotting
rippaln: grappling
eriibbn: gibbering
iiopssn: gossiping
ettiasn: gestating
ruiodnn: grounding
erttuin: guttering
eriadnn: gardening
riiacnm: grimacing
ruilbnm: grumbling
10
riiashnn: garnishing
eertiann: generating
yiiaasnn: gainsaying
eriollvn: grovelling
rtuiaadn: graduating
etiislnn: glistening
rtyiiafn: gratifying
eiaddlnn: gladdening
ioallbnm: gambolling
erttiiln: glittering
ryiiofln: glorifying
rrttioan: garrotting
eriilnmm: glimmering
11
riooaslcn: goalscoring
iiaaslvnn: galvanising
ertyiifnn: gentrifying
ertiiannm: germinating
eeiopakln: goalkeeping
ioooodkln: goodlooking
rttiiaavn: gravitating
12
tiiaallvnn: gallivanting
tuiiiollnn: guillotining
eeriiaslnn: generalising
eertuiaann: guaranteeing
ertiaashcn: gatecrashing
13
ertttioolbn: globetrotting
eetiooppssn: goosestepping
ettuiiaslcn: gesticulating
14
rtioooodfhnn: goodfornothing

gf
11
eerroopas: greaseproof
4
oo: goof
ul: gulf
ol: golf
af: gaff
5
ruf: gruff
eri: grief

ge
4
el: glee
en: gene
ro: gore
ag: gage
on: gone
am: game
al: gale
iv: give
ul: glue
pa: gape
av: gave
az: gaze
ta: gate
5
olb: globe
uaz: gauze
rta: grate
rac: grace
onm: gnome
ral: glare
alb: gable
alc: glace
rip: gripe
rog: gorge
rpa: grape
uis: guise
rim: grime
alz: glaze
olv: glove
rop: grope
ros: gorse
raz: graze
uag: gauge
uid: guide
elb: glebe
aff: gaffe
uog: gouge
rov: grove
adl: glade
uil: guile
oos: goose
rad: grade
rav: grave
ees: geese
idl: glide
ern: genre
ein: genie
6
rugn: grunge
rugl: gurgle
albm: gamble
rtio: goitre
eriv: grieve
erog: george
eras: grease
etoh: goethe
ulzz: guzzle
rill: grille
tuin: gunite
etoa: goatee
eonm: genome
olbb: gobble
iggl: giggle
etam: gamete
ralb: garble
alcn: glance
albb: gabble
rudg: grudge
uahc: gauche
eerc: greece
riil: girlie
etln: gentle
ruos: grouse
ridl: girdle
iill: gillie
aggl: gaggle
ragn: grange
ragl: gargle
raag: garage
ramm: gramme
roal: galore
rtya: gyrate
roov: groove
7
iodkl: godlike
riacm: grimace
ruifn: gunfire
rulbm: grumble
rppal: grapple
riann: grannie
ertus: gesture
eerin: greenie
rttoa: garotte
rtisl: gristle
uiann: guanine
ruiop: groupie
euinn: genuine
ertum: gumtree
yoodb: goodbye
eallz: gazelle
eranm: germane
rtian: granite
etalb: getable
ettaz: gazette
ettas: gestate
ooslb: globose
ttoav: gavotte
ipslm: glimpse
raagb: garbage
etiln: gentile
uoslc: glucose
uoshm: gumshoe
uollb: globule
ertan: grantee
riaff: giraffe
wualn: gunwale
rualn: granule
eradn: grandee, grenade
yilcn: glycine
8
ooopdh: goodhope
uiadcn: guidance
etyopn: genotype
eiodcn: genocide
eragnn: gangrene
rtipah: graphite
etialn: gelatine
wrtiaf: giftware
eruosm: gruesome
etosnm: gemstone
rrttoa: garrotte
etiivn: genitive
ettalb: gettable
rtuaad: graduate
eertan: generate
ryoagl: gargoyle
uilllb: gullible
9
euasslb: guessable
eriacvn: grievance
ertianm: germinate
tioshkl: ghostlike
eryilcn: glycerine
iaaslvn: galvanise
eriasdv: graveside
rtuialc: graticule
rioasdn: grandiose
eruiahc: gaucherie
wraassl: glassware
eripavn: grapevine
etuoash: gatehouse
uoaalcm: guacamole
ertuaan: guarantee
rttiaav: gravitate
euiidln: guideline
eriadbn: gaberdine
rttuiad: gratitude
etiigln: gelignite
eruidvn: gerundive
ryoopsc: gyroscope
ttuaalm: glutamate
qertuos: grotesque
10
tuiiolln: guillotine
roopahnm: gramophone
uoassshl: glasshouse
ruuoasdh: guardhouse
eertosnn: greenstone
eeriasln: generalise
eeruoshn: greenhouse
eertiavn: generative
eroacvnn: governance
rtiosdnn: grindstone
ertoasvn: gravestone
11
ettuiaslc: gesticulate
erttuipsn: guttersnipe
rtyuoalcn: granulocyte
13
eeriaasllbn: generalisable

gd
3
a: gad
o: god
4
oo: good
ol: gold
al: glad
oa: goad
ua: gaud
ri: gird, grid
5
aln: gland
eul: glued
eam: gamed
ruo: gourd
eta: gated
ran: grand
oan: gonad
rua: guard
uil: guild
eer: greed
rin: grind
eib: gibed
eaz: gazed
ero: gored
epa: gaped
6
eumm: gummed
erad: graded
epas: gasped
erab: garbed
erac: graced
eral: glared
eoal: gaoled
erta: grated
erip: griped
eoad: goaded
erid: girded
eush: gushed
eraz: grazed
ettu: gutted
eera: geared
eolb: globed
weol: glowed
eash: gashed
erop: groped
ealz: glazed
euag: gauged
ealb: gabled
eolv: gloved
ruon: ground
eery: greyed
eall: galled
eass: gassed
eadd: gadded
eidl: gilded, glided
euog: gouged
erog: gorged
eagg: gagged
wean: gnawed
erun: gerund
eagn: ganged
eupl: gulped
euid: guided
etif: gifted
etus: gusted
eunn: gunned
weon: gowned
eoof: goofed
eemm: gemmed
eian: gained
eell: gelled
7
eulzz: guzzled
eiggl: giggled
erpah: graphed
erill: grilled
erass: grassed
eraln: gnarled
erinn: grinned
werol: growled
eolbb: gobbled
eriol: gloried
eeuss: guessed
eroan: groaned
eragl: gargled
ettul: glutted
eaggl: gaggled
eraag: garaged
eripp: gripped
eridn: grinded
eridl: girdled
eeriv: grieved
etosh: ghosted
ealcn: glanced
eeert: greeted
eridd: gridded
eroom: groomed
ertun: grunted
eassl: glassed
eashn: gnashed
eoadh: godhead
erpas: grasped
raaln: garland
eralb: garbled
ealbm: gambled
ertya: gyrated
erabb: grabbed
eossl: glossed
eealn: gleaned
eeras: greased
eealm: gleamed
eosdn: godsend
eoggl: goggled
eeern: greened
ertti: gritted
eross: grossed
eroov: grooved
etiln: glinted
erubb: grubbed
erugl: gurgled
eoaah: goahead
eruop: grouped
ertan: granted
eruad: guarded
riazz: gizzard
ealbb: gabbled
etoal: gloated
erian: grained
ertaf: grafted
8
iodhlc: godchild
ruaadn: graduand
eerovn: governed
ruoanm: gourmand
erttoa: garotted
eopall: galloped
eertus: gestured
aaglnn: gangland
eerttu: guttered
eriacm: grimaced
weerol: glowered
rioohl: girlhood
eiopss: gossiped
eeribb: gibbered
eipslm: glimpsed
erilzz: grizzled
eruodn: grounded
erulbm: grumbled
erppal: grappled
eerran: garnered
eeerdn: gendered
weuaff: guffawed
raaddn: granddad
eertah: gathered
9
eriashn: garnished
eriiofl: glorified
eetisln: glistened
eerallv: gravelled
etiaalc: glaciated
eetidgl: giltedged
eraadln: garlanded
erryaav: graveyard
ertiiaf: gratified
eerollv: grovelled
eeriall: galleried
eeaddln: gladdened
eeeeryn: greeneyed
ertuaad: graduated
rtoopas: gastropod
eerttil: glittered
errttoa: garrotted
eeertan: generated
eerilmm: glimmered
eryuohn: greyhound
eerryab: greybeard
raassln: grassland
10
ertuaaln: granulated
eiaaslvn: galvanised
eertiifn: gentrified
eertuaan: guaranteed
riadhlcn: grandchild
weerrasn: greensward
erttiaav: gravitated
eertianm: germinated
rtaasdnn: grandstand
eeerifln: greenfield
erriifln: girlfriend
errioasn: garrisoned
11
eerriagbn: gingerbread
etuiiolln: guillotined
eeeriasln: generalised
ertuooadn: goodnatured
etiaallvn: gallivanted
eertaashc: gatecrashed
12
eruuooodhm: goodhumoured
eettuiaslc: gesticulated
eeertoopdm: goodtempered
13
eeerrryadnm: gerrymandered

gc
6
tioh: gothic
rial: garlic
iall: gallic
ionm: gnomic
7
tiosn: gnostic
eionm: genomic
eerin: generic
eetin: genetic
rtias: gastric
ripah: graphic
8
tiiagn: gigantic
eeiosd: geodesic
eioogl: geologic
rtiian: granitic
tiaalc: galactic
erianm: germanic
iaalvn: galvanic
9
tyiasnm: gymnastic
errtiia: geriatric
eertiom: geometric
10
eriopagh: geographic
eertiocn: geocentric
ryioopsc: gyroscopic
iioaglnn: ganglionic
11
eetioagnm: geomagnetic
rtiooasnm: gastronomic
12
ertyioagnm: gyromagnetic
13
eetiiiosfcn: geoscientific
ertioaalvnm: galvanometric

gb
3
a: gab
4
ru: grub
ol: glob
ra: garb, grab
il: glib

ga
4
al: gala
ag: gaga
il: glia
5
ahn: ghana
uav: guava
amm: gamma
eon: genoa
uod: gouda
6
iabm: gambia
eern: genera
eish: geisha
eevn: geneva
ealn: galena
euin: guinea
7
rioll: gorilla
iagln: ganglia
radnm: grandma
oodln: gondola
rpadn: grandpa
eriog: georgia
8
uoalcm: glaucoma
yiasnm: gymnasia
eruill: guerilla
yahknm: gymkhana
tooghl: golgotha
9
erruill: guerrilla
etiialn: genitalia
10
errooohn: gonorrhoea

go
2
: go
3
o: goo
4
ri: giro
ry: gyro
5
tus: gusto
ekc: gecko
uan: guano
6
iogl: gigolo
etth: ghetto
rtto: grotto
eazb: gazebo
7
etpas: gestapo
uaacn: guanaco
eiall: galileo
8
rtiaff: graffito

gn
3
i: gin
u: gun
e: gen
4
ia: gain
el: glen
wo: gown
oo: goon
ri: grin
5
eln: glenn
oab: gabon
eiv: given
roa: groan
eer: green
rio: groin
eal: glean
wro: grown
uol: gluon
ria: grain
6
erav: graven
erad: garden
eram: german
etul: gluten
eunm: gunmen
etto: gotten
iiaj: gaijin
roog: gorgon
oall: gallon
oamm: gammon
uanm: gunman
iolb: goblin
wipa: gawpin
erov: govern
iobb: gibbon
eodl: golden
oosd: godson
7
eaddl: gladden
iaahn: ghanian
iaabm: gambian
ttuol: glutton
erilm: gremlin
euodg: gudgeon
riiff: griffin
etisl: glisten
etial: gelatin
rioff: griffon
eriac: grecian
erihk: gherkin
eoall: galleon
rioad: gordian
8
roasdn: grandson
rtyioa: gyration
ruiaad: guardian
rtioav: graviton
eiaall: galilean
tioask: goatskin
rriiod: gridiron
rrioas: garrison
ioagln: ganglion
eeasmm: gamesmen
9
eerrohn: greenhorn
ettioas: gestation
eruasdm: guardsmen
ruaasdm: guardsman
weeetob: gobetween
eeetlnm: gentlemen
eetalnm: gentleman
rtioaad: gradation
10
eertioan: generation
rriaaamm: grammarian
ruoasdnm: groundsman
rtuioaad: graduation
tiioaalc: glaciation
rtuaaagn: gargantuan
11
rttiioaav: gravitation
erooasdfk: godforsaken
rtuioaaln: granulation
ertiioanm: germination
13
errtoaasdgn: greatgrandson
ettuiioaslc: gesticulation
tiiooaasllb: globalisation
rtiiiooaflc: glorification
rttiiioaafc: gratification
erriaddhlcn: grandchildren
14
eertiioaasln: generalisation
erttiiioafcn: gentrification
18
eerrrtiaaddghlcn: greatgrandchildren

gm
3
y: gym
u: gum
e: gem
4
ri: grim
ul: glum
il: glim
ra: gram
er: germ
5
ool: gloom
rim: grimm
eal: gleam
roo: groom
6
raah: graham
yups: gypsum
7
iaghn: gingham
uiall: gallium
8
wwrool: glowworm
eruian: geranium
tiiasn: giantism
9
rruooad: guardroom
eruianm: germanium
yuiasnm: gymnasium
10
tiiosscn: gnosticism
ruiaasdl: gradualism
11
ertiassgn: gangsterism
12
eetioasgnm: geomagnetism

gl
3
a: gal
e: gel
4
al: gall
oa: gaol, goal
ul: gull
il: gill
ua: gaul
ri: girl
5
eru: gruel
eav: gavel
ran: gnarl
wro: growl
ril: grill
uoh: ghoul
ria: grail
6
yolc: glycol
eops: gospel
erav: gravel
eian: genial
erov: grovel
oabm: gambol
erib: gerbil
oalb: global
iaav: gavial
7
eeetn: genteel
iaalc: glacial
uiafn: gainful
uiobm: gumboil
ruaad: gradual
etian: genital
erpan: grapnel
eeran: general
eeufl: gleeful
ttoal: glottal
8
wioodl: goodwill
etuanm: gunmetal
eruafc: graceful
ertuas: gestural
eryolc: glycerol
uassfl: glassful
rttuua: guttural
erianm: germinal
uooflm: gloomful
ertuaf: grateful
9
eioadcn: genocidal
ripaahc: graphical
10
eriiadcm: germicidal
eertoahm: geothermal
eiooaglc: geological
11
eeioahccm: geochemical
rtiaaacmm: grammatical
eertioacm: geometrical
ettioaasn: gestational
weruosdln: groundswell
eyiopashc: geophysical
12
eertioaann: generational
eertoavnnm: governmental
etiioopalc: geopolitical
rtiioaaadl: gladiatorial
eeioaaglcn: genealogical
eriopaaghc: geographical
13
errtuioaabn: gubernatorial
iiooaagllcc: glaciological
rttiioaaavn: gravitational
14
eyiooaaglccn: gynaecological
16
ertttiioaassnn: gastrointestinal
erioooopaghlcm: geomorphological

gk
4
ee: geek
un: gunk
wa: gawk
5
eer: greek
6
asdn: gdansk
7
eosbm: gemsbok
iicmm: gimmick
8
riaccm: gimcrack
riodlc: gridlock
9
paaglnn: gangplank
euioodb: guidebook
ertiasc: gearstick
weruoss: guesswork
10
wrruoodn: groundwork
eetoflln: gentlefolk
12
eeooodglbb: gobbledegook
qertuiihcc: getrichquick
eyooodglbb: gobbledygook

gi
8
ioadll: gladioli
rtiaff: graffiti
4
ob: gobi
5
ein: genii
6
adhn: gandhi
einm: gemini

gh
4
to: goth
as: gash
os: gosh
us: gush
5
rpa: graph
rti: girth
asn: gnash
ypl: glyph
6
wrto: growth
rias: garish
ruoc: grouch
7
riisl: girlish
uoasl: goulash
tioal: goliath
ioosd: goodish
riasn: garnish
eryis: greyish
8
tuisnm: gunsmith
eerisn: greenish
iosdfl: goldfish
uioshl: ghoulish
9
eriisbb: gibberish
weericn: greenwich
tiosdlm: goldsmith
ertaasc: gatecrash
tuooalm: goalmouth

hy
5
urr: harry

tz
5
opa: topaz

tx
3
a: tax
5
eel: telex
6
roah: thorax
7
ooolb: toolbox
eripl: triplex
8
euaalb: tableaux
9
eriodbn: tinderbox

ty
3
h: thy
r: try
o: toy
4
on: tony
eh: they
ob: toby
ra: tray
in: tiny
ro: tory, troy
id: tidy
5
all: tally
rta: tarty
edd: teddy
tas: tasty
rad: tardy
rra: tarry
ips: tipsy
inn: tinny
tta: tatty
odd: toddy
wan: tawny
abb: tabby
oad: toady, today
ell: telly
umm: tummy
rul: truly
ets: testy
ruf: turfy
ubb: tubby
agn: tangy
off: toffy
err: terry
een: teeny
akc: tacky
unn: tunny
6
rtih: thirty
eroh: theory
rann: tranny
wrad: tawdry
rtus: trusty
ripl: triply
eilm: timely
oann: tannoy
ihln: thinly
iidl: tidily
rohn: thorny
oobm: tomboy
wigg: twiggy
rash: trashy
eruk: turkey
ealm: tamely
rtal: tartly
yipf: typify
igln: tingly
erta: treaty
ethc: tetchy
tooh: toothy
uohc: touchy
erlm: termly
weed: tweedy
rikc: tricky
toas: toasty
tual: tautly
eesn: teensy
erdn: trendy
wetn: twenty
wtis: twisty
roph: trophy
ikln: tinkly
rilb: trilby
7
ridhl: thirdly
rtifh: thrifty
uoghl: toughly
wraam: tramway
uascn: tuscany
ruacn: truancy
eradg: tragedy
euasd: tuesday
toall: totally
iidlm: timidly
tighl: tightly
eridl: tiredly
riopa: topiary
rtish: thirsty
erran: ternary
rtoah: throaty
widdl: twiddly
eersl: tersely
iilnn: tinnily
errac: tracery
erann: tannery
erpah: therapy
wtihc: twitchy
ryann: tyranny
oalln: tonally
riogl: trilogy
oallb: tallboy
eerhb: thereby
tialc: tacitly
eroll: trolley
rtiin: trinity
ihklc: thickly
eesln: tensely
erukn: turnkey
weiad: tideway
eruon: tourney
errif: terrify
etisf: testify
eacnn: tenancy
etisl: testily
riadl: tardily
etisn: tensity
8
etiacn: tenacity
eopahv: topheavy
ertann: tenantry
ruidgl: turgidly
errtia: tertiary
ooaxnm: taxonomy
ooopgl: topology
errilb: terribly
etihlc: tetchily
rtuios: touristy
weraaa: tearaway
wraakc: trackway
eedcnn: tendency
ttioal: totality
tiioxc: toxicity
riallb: tribally
eerihv: thievery
ertual: tutelary
eertim: temerity
ruasdh: thursday
eruggh: thuggery
ertpas: tapestry
eerdln: tenderly
errikc: trickery
erruas: treasury
tioaln: tonality
weaaak: takeaway
ertpaa: teaparty
errupm: trumpery
iaglbn: tangibly
riiklc: trickily
erudhn: thundery
tiiidm: timidity
ertiol: toiletry
eooghl: theology
eaalbb: tablebay
yoopgl: typology
uosskc: tussocky
ertasv: travesty
9
eoopshh: theosophy
eerrahc: treachery
yipallc: typically
eeoogll: teleology
wwroaah: throwaway
rrtuiab: tributary
eriadxm: taxidermy
eeophln: telephony
tuooagl: tautology
rtuiidb: turbidity
euuosln: tenuously
rtuiidg: turgidity
eetpahl: telepathy
erropam: temporary
eeertlm: telemetry
etiosnm: testimony
erahllm: thermally
eroahcc: theocracy
euiosdl: tediously
rtiishl: thirstily
etuallx: textually
eiasgln: teasingly
riiallv: trivially
errrtio: territory
iopallc: topically
euuflln: tunefully
eigllln: tellingly
eruafll: tearfully
eroallb: tolerably
tuafllc: tactfully
rtioahl: throatily
10
rooppagh: topography
etuasfll: tastefully
rtuusfll: trustfully
weeeeynn: teenyweeny
roopaghm: tomography
eerissll: tirelessly
rtiiialv: triviality
riaagllc: tragically
eerioslm: tiresomely
etiialbn: tenability
rtuisgln: trustingly
eriallnm: terminally
uafhklln: thankfully
ryoppagh: typography
eerpaghl: telegraphy
ertuallx: texturally
riopallc: tropically
etassllc: tactlessly
eeusslln: tunelessly
ioooglxc: toxicology
tiaallcc: tactically
qruialln: tranquilly
ettuialx: textuality
etipglnm: temptingly
ruooghhl: thoroughly
rrtioasn: transitory
rtuufhll: truthfully
errtoajc: trajectory
eooghlcn: technology
eropallm: temporally
eeosslln: tonelessly
tiiopalc: topicality
rtuuoosl: tortuously
tyiipalc: typicality
tuiaglnn: tauntingly
eroooflm: tomfoolery
rtyuopsv: topsyturvy
uioghlcn: touchingly
ertoalln: tolerantly
11
erigllbnm: tremblingly
wrrttuosh: trustworthy
euioaslcn: tenaciously
eettialvn: tentatively
easshklln: thanklessly
ertuullcn: truculently
eetasssll: tastelessly
eroahcccn: technocracy
ertiopalm: temporality
rruooghhl: throroughly
riighllln: thrillingly
ertooahcm: tracheotomy
eeertpalm: temperately
tiiaallcn: titanically
ertiaslnn: transiently
ertahlcnn: trenchantly
erriopalm: temporarily
eruuosllm: tremulously
eriooglnm: terminology
ettiiaslb: testability
eiahllccn: technically
12
etiaahllcm: thematically
erriiafllc: terrifically
qrtuiialln: tranquillity
etioallccn: tectonically
errippaggh: triggerhappy
rttiiiasvn: transitivity
rrtuiooasl: traitorously
ertiiaalcb: traceability
ertiaahllc: theatrically
tuuuuosllm: tumultuously
eerttaasnm: testamentary
ryiaallcnn: tyrannically
rrioasfgnm: transmogrify
eruuosdhln: thunderously
eruaslccnn: translucency
tuuofghhll: thoughtfully
rttiiaalcb: tractability
errpaascnn: transparency
eeerrtacnn: tercentenary
eeruosdlnm: tremendously
ertiiaslvn: transitively
ertooashcm: tracheostomy
eerrasslvn: transversely
etiiahlccn: technicality
erryiifgln: terrifyingly
errtioognm: trigonometry
etiaagllnn: tangentially
rtuipahlnm: triumphantly
13
tiiaasgllnn: tantalisingly
etuossghhll: thoughtlessly
eertioahllc: theoretically
eertiaghlnn: threateningly
iooopaglllc: topologically
eiooaghlllc: theologically
yioopaglllc: typologically
eerruoashlc: treacherously
etioosllcnm: tonsillectomy
rtiioaadlln: traditionally
errrtiioall: territorially
erttiiaahlc: theatricality
eetuiosdlnn: tendentiously
ertiiasflnn: transfinitely
errtpaaslnn: transparently
14
eetipaahlllc: telepathically
errrttiiioal: territoriality
tuiooaaglllc: tautologically
15
riooppaaghllc: topographically
eiooaghlllccn: technologically
eeertpaallnmm: temperamentally
errtiiaasflbn: transferability
ryioppaaghllc: typographically
eertuipaahllc: therapeutically
16
erttioaashllcm: thermostatically
eertaasdllcnnn: transcendentally
rrttiiopaaslbn: transportability
17
eryioaadhllcnmm: thermodynamically

tv
7
eialv: telaviv

tw
3
o: tow
4
ah: thaw
5
roh: throw
erh: threw
6
oall: tallow
8
rrooom: tomorrow
10
erushcbm: thumbscrew

tt
3
a: tat
i: tit
o: tot
4
oo: toot
ac: tact
en: tent
il: tilt
ah: that
uf: tuft
ea: teat
wi: twit
uo: tout
ra: tart
in: tint
ro: trot
ua: taut
es: test
ex: text
5
ian: taint
rac: tract
wee: tweet
roa: tarot
wis: twist
iac: tacit
epm: tempt
efh: theft
ruo: trout
een: tenet
oas: toast
era: treat
uan: taunt
rus: trust
ria: trait
igh: tight
6
wrah: thwart
erag: target
iopn: tinpot
eish: theist
iidb: tidbit
erru: turret
uulm: tumult
easm: tamest
eann: tenant
ruan: truant
ealb: tablet
eopa: teapot
ealn: talent
ruob: turbot
tiib: titbit
rish: thirst, tshirt
eikc: ticket
erus: truest
erah: threat
wiil: twilit
oacm: tomcat
eiol: toilet
rush: thrust
ryan: tyrant
roah: throat
uagh: taught
rifh: thrift
yips: typist
7
ioghn: tonight
eepsm: tempest
uoghh: thought
oopac: topcoat
erikn: trinket
eiisd: tidiest
eihkc: thicket
eiisn: tiniest
eridn: trident
eessn: tensest
eeyps: typeset
ruios: tourist
etuas: tautest
ruuon: turnout
easll: tallest
riasn: transit
euiom: timeout
erupm: trumpet
erron: torrent
eagnn: tangent
eripl: triplet
eronm: torment
oopsm: topmost
8
eishnn: thinnest
riohlc: torchlit
etisgh: tightest
etiass: tastiest
eiisnn: tinniest
eeetlx: teletext
eeennm: tenement
riasnm: transmit
erpasn: transept
ruoacn: turncoat
eriosh: theorist
eroaln: tolerant
wiighl: twilight
eetiss: testiest
eeeisn: teeniest
eiaskc: tackiest
eypasc: typecast
euosgh: toughest
errias: tarriest
raascn: transact
weraln: trawlnet
eishkc: thickest, thickset
9
eerisdn: trendiest
erahcnn: trenchant
eiisgln: tingliest
eripash: therapist
eetasnm: testament
eriasnn: transient
eeuscnm: tumescent
errrios: terrorist
erioshn: thorniest
rropasn: transport
eruulcn: truculent
euioshc: touchiest
ruiaskc: tracksuit
eeersdn: tenderest
etioosh: toothiest
rttioaf: titfortat
eriiskc: trickiest
eertanm: treatment
eruulbn: turbulent
ruuoabn: turnabout
10
eroahccn: technocrat
rripascn: transcript
ertioash: throatiest
ertiissh: thirstiest
qeruuion: tourniquet
ertoashm: thermostat
ruuopghh: throughput
rpaaslnn: transplant
ruuooghh: throughout
ruiphbnm: thumbprint
eruoannm: tournament
ruipahnm: triumphant
eryippsc: typescript
iooasxnm: taxonomist
tuoaannm: tantamount
iooopsgl: topologist
ertiisfh: thriftiest
rioghhlc: torchlight
rioosbnm: trombonist
11
eeiopshln: telephonist
eruaslcnn: translucent
iooasccbn: tobacconist
eriiasdxm: taxidermist
eeerpanmm: temperament
eruodhlbn: thunderbolt
errpaasnn: transparent
12
riiopaslnm: trampolinist
eioosghlcn: technologist
ruiipashlm: triumphalist
eerasdcnnn: transcendent
eripashnnm: transhipment
14
rtiiioaasdln: traditionalist

tu
3
a: tau
4
of: tofu
tu: tutu
oh: thou
7
eaalb: tableau

tr
3
a: tar
4
ah: tahr
ei: tier
ea: tear
uo: tour
oh: thor
5
eru: truer
eak: taker
ipa: tapir
eam: tamer
weo: tower
eon: tenor, toner
eri: trier
eun: tuner
eig: tiger
tuo: tutor
eih: their
eub: tuber
eim: timer
eil: tiler
epa: taper
6
erom: tremor
etti: titter
eedn: tender
erac: tracer
eikn: tinker
eidn: tinder
erad: trader
eill: tiller
eusk: tusker
erro: terror
epam: tamper
einn: tinner
eepm: temper
eopp: topper
eann: tanner
etas: taster
yoal: taylor
rtaa: tartar
eukc: tucker
eers: terser
etua: tauter
eibm: timber
eall: taller
eell: teller
ioal: tailor
eeet: teeter
eipp: tipper
eets: tester
eeas: teaser
eikc: ticker
eruo: tourer
eiid: tidier
eeth: tether
uuom: tumour
eiin: tinier
eiol: toiler
eakn: tanker
eakl: talker
eesn: tenser
eosn: tensor
erun: turner
roop: torpor
etto: totter
7
etigh: tighter
eetpm: tempter
eaklc: tackler
erimm: trimmer
eroop: trooper
euogh: tougher
eerkk: trekker
eihkn: thinker
eihkc: thicker
erppa: trapper
etias: tastier
weeet: tweeter
eiakc: tackier
eoddl: toddler
eetis: testier
uualb: tubular
eiinn: tinnier
erakc: tracker
etips: tipster
weroh: thrower
euohc: toucher
rtoac: tractor
weral: trawler
etuan: taunter
eerri: terrier
uaalb: tabular
erial: trailer
wetti: twitter
eerad: treader
eeahc: teacher
eruos: trouser
rtioa: traitor
eulbm: tumbler
raacm: tramcar
etoas: toaster
wetis: twister
eihnn: thinner
tuial: titular
etihh: thither
eruop: trouper
erifl: trifler
eiklc: tickler
erigg: trigger
erria: tarrier
eudhn: thunder
eerpa: taperer
erian: trainer
ertto: trotter
8
weiddl: twiddler
eeoakv: takeover
eershh: thresher
eriohn: thornier
eetogh: together
erasfn: transfer
eruovn: turnover
roopad: trapdoor
eiigln: tinglier
eerofh: therefor
etahhc: thatcher
eerhcn: trencher
eypaax: taxpayer
etiooh: toothier
eeridn: trendier
errtuo: torturer
eriikc: trickier
euiohc: touchier
ertush: thruster
eerlbm: trembler
eyoakm: toymaker
eetasm: teamster
erihll: thriller
eeeagn: teenager
eeerdn: tenderer
eruadc: traducer
erashh: thrasher
9
ertoonm: tormentor
eeiopnn: tinopener
eooaklm: toolmaker
eerruas: treasurer
ertioah: throatier
tuoaalb: tabulator
rtyiosh: thyristor
ertiskc: trickster
ertiosc: trisector
ertiish: thirstier
ertiifh: thriftier
ruioolc: tricolour
eerallv: traveller
eertupm: trumpeter
10
eeettyps: typesetter
rtoaasln: translator
eruasdcn: transducer
eerpasss: trespasser
eruualcb: tubercular
ruiaagln: triangular
eeertafh: thereafter
eriaffkc: trafficker
eeerudhn: thereunder
rtoaascn: transactor
etaasskm: taskmaster
ruuooadb: troubadour
weertyip: typewriter
eeeeipkm: timekeeper
ertioanm: terminator
etuiaslc: testicular
rtioassn: transistor
11
erroasfnm: transformer
eeertohmm: thermometer
eeriascvn: transceiver
eropasdnn: transponder
eerroahcb: torchbearer
errtopasn: transporter
eeertipln: teleprinter
eeettoall: teetotaller
erriascbn: transcriber
erttiasnm: transmitter
eryoppagh: typographer
12
eeruoaklbm: troublemaker
erruoaghcb: turbocharger
erroasssgn: transgressor
13
qeruiiaslln: tranquilliser
weettuiosgn: tonguetwister
14
eertuoooshlb: troubleshooter

ts
4
eo: toes
ab: tabs
ei: ties
ag: tags
ee: tees
ip: tips
ea: teas
an: tans
ih: this
en: tens
in: tins
eu: tues
ic: tics
to: tots
pa: taps
ra: tars
ed: teds
yo: toys
wo: tows
ti: tits
on: tons
og: togs
un: tuns
uh: thus
ug: tugs
ub: tubs
os: toss
op: tops
5
wig: twigs
ugh: thugs
rta: tarts
ran: tarns
win: twins
rto: torts, trots
ram: trams
edn: tends
rip: trips
eid: tides
rpa: traps
wer: trews
rim: trims
ihn: thins
rig: trigs
ill: tills
ogn: tongs
eer: trees
ruo: torus, tours
oag: togas
ial: tails
oad: toads
ery: tyres
won: towns
ell: tells
wah: thaws
eyk: tykes
usk: tusks
rya: trays
til: tilts
paa: tapas
tin: tints
eta: teats
run: turns
iax: taxis
ool: tools
uab: tubas
uan: tunas
akn: tanks
ruk: turks
eak: takes
eam: tames, teams
eal: tales
ukc: tucks
oll: tolls
ruf: turfs
eyp: types
ikc: ticks
eax: taxes, texas
iol: toils
eub: tubes
tuo: touts
ask: tasks
rus: truss
udh: thuds
tuf: tufts
ets: tests
obm: tombs
ers: tress
eim: times
etx: texts
eon: tones
eom: tomes
eil: tiles
eem: teems
eun: tunes
een: teens
era: tares, tears
akl: talks
akc: tacks
erm: terms
ern: terns
erk: treks
etn: tents
eri: tiers, tires, tries
epa: tapes
6
eron: tenors, toners
iopc: topics
uphm: thumps
uogh: toughs
eish: thesis
etom: totems
eaxn: texans
weol: towels
ioxn: toxins
eerh: threes
wagn: twangs
eahm: thames, themas
rakc: tracks
erhm: therms
ighh: thighs
ighn: things
oahm: thomas
etil: titles
eehb: thebes
etpm: tempts
eehm: themes
erta: treats
rtus: trusts
oaln: talons
rtuh: truths
rill: trills
etis: testis
rukc: trucks
rupm: trumps
rohn: thorns
etas: tastes
erop: tropes
rukn: trunks
rohb: throbs
erub: tubers
eruc: truces
etfh: thefts
erun: tuners
tian: taints, titans
wein: twines
rikc: tricks
eokn: tokens
eesn: tenses
eoss: tosses
uhbm: thumbs
wral: trawls
weak: tweaks
etih: tithes
ruas: tarsus
einn: tennis
eonn: tonnes
ealb: tables
iocn: tonics
toas: toasts
yuhm: thymus
ethn: tenths
tigh: tights
eeas: teases
eiid: tidies
yuph: typhus
rtuo: trouts, tutors
uipl: tulips
rpam: tramps
tuan: taunts
eiax: taxies
ridh: thirds
wroh: throws
weet: tweets
erdn: trends
roop: troops
wtis: twists
wero: towers
erad: trades, treads
erac: traces
rtia: traits
eidl: tildes
eram: tamers
erak: takers
erpa: tapers
erio: tories
erti: titres
erim: timers
erik: trikes
erih: theirs
erig: tigers
erib: tribes
riaa: tiaras
rtac: tracts
riad: triads
rial: trails, trials
roll: trolls
rian: trains
toal: totals
eets: testes
weed: tweeds
eetn: tenets
eiod: todies
ihkn: thinks
riig: tigris
oghn: thongs
wril: twirls
ooab: taboos
ahkn: thanks
eign: tinges
uicn: tunics
7
rioak: troikas
eerdn: tenders
tiacc: tactics
tyips: typists
eerll: tellers
eerss: tresses
iidgn: tidings
euosl: tousles
eerlb: trebles
euiss: tissues
eeelx: telexes
erill: tillers, trellis
etikc: tickets
ruogh: troughs
rtish: thirsts
iignm: timings
yoobm: tomboys
eeidd: teddies
erisg: tigress
eralv: travels
errtu: turrets
eeeth: teethes
errro: terrors
eadnm: tandems
erohc: torches
iosln: tonsils
erohn: thrones
eiklc: tickles
rtaan: tartans
tuulm: tumults
uoacn: toucans
eradh: threads
ruaam: traumas
iannn: tannins
eoppl: topples
roghn: throngs
eryuk: turkeys
eernn: tenners
erikn: tinkers
qeruo: torques
erudg: trudges
eracn: trances
ttiib: titbits
eodnn: tendons
erakn: tankers
euuon: tenuous
erakl: talkers
rtush: thrusts
iigln: tilings
eruss: trusses
eerun: tenures, tureens
tiidb: tidbits
rtyan: tyrants
ertul: turtles
eiakl: talkies
eassl: tassels
werol: trowels
errac: tracers
eagln: tangles
errad: traders
etuan: tetanus
ruuom: tumours
weelv: twelves
eulbm: tumbles
iopff: tipoffs
eerts: testers
eruop: troupes
euulb: tubules
eigln: tingles
etopa: teapots
wrtah: thwarts
etish: theists
eerth: tethers
rtifh: thrifts
rihll: thrills
eeplm: temples
iagkn: takings
etiop: tiptoes
waasn: tswanas
euogn: tongues
eraag: teargas
eopaz: topazes
ruism: truisms
riopd: tripods
riopc: tropics
yoocn: tycoons
ruadn: tundras
etiol: toilets
rtoah: throats
erihv: thrives
euohc: touches
uignn: tunings
uuulm: tumulus
etalb: tablets
eeihv: thieves
eeahc: teaches
euidm: tediums
etaln: talents
euimm: tummies
eioad: toadies
yipgn: typings
eross: tossers
errom: tremors
eaklc: tackles
uopss: tossups
ertta: tatters
eripl: triples
erosn: tensors
ertti: titters
eeoff: toffees
ertto: totters
erikc: tickers
eisln: tinsels
eeeep: teepees
ruabn: turbans
rtuan: truants
erruo: tourers
errun: turners
erppa: tappers
rioal: tailors
eaagb: teabags
eupac: teacups
erifl: trifles
riaff: tariffs
eopsl: topless
erukc: tuckers
eeosl: toeless
erann: tanners
etann: tenants
erpam: tampers
eravn: taverns
eruag: tuaregs
eeras: teasers
ttooa: tattoos
eoggl: toggles
ruipn: turnips
eussl: tussles
ertas: tasters
euiod: tedious
eriad: tirades
eulnn: tunnels
eerpm: tempers
ertah: threats
eiall: tallies
ertag: targets
wroad: towards
weign: twinges
8
erioph: trophies
euoghn: toughens
errtto: trotters
eetiam: teatimes
etisgn: testings
eeosln: toneless
eeersl: treeless
ruohbm: thrombus
eroasn: treasons
erpass: trespass
erudln: trundles
eeusln: tuneless
rtuanm: tantrums
eerian: trainees
etighn: tightens
weeesn: tweeness
erulbm: tumblers
iagkln: talkings
wetihc: twitches
eetpsm: tempests
errtuo: tortures
eihlbm: thimbles
eridln: tendrils
riadgn: tradings
eoagnn: tonnages
eriddl: tiddlers
raadkn: tankards
wertis: twisters
eetilx: textiles
erihnn: thinners
yoahcn: tachyons
eeasnm: tameness
wryaam: tramways
eerisl: tireless
erooam: tearooms
weeerz: tweezers
erroop: troopers
errigg: triggers
eruocn: trounces
weetin: twenties
rrtioa: traitors
ertupm: trumpets
eihkcn: thickens
eiisdn: tidiness
errton: torrents
eerioh: theories
eiasll: tailless
eerrri: terriers
ruiphm: triumphs
eerlbm: trembles
ryiodh: thyroids
ioppgn: toppings
erahlm: thermals
rioosn: torsions
eruolb: troubles
eertop: treetops
ertidn: tridents
eruibn: tribunes, turbines
ruiolm: turmoils
eertpm: tempters
eyiipf: typifies
errimm: trimmers
etihkc: thickets
errakc: trackers
werroh: throwers
ertasn: tartness
tuiinn: tinnitus
rraacm: tramcars
uaahlm: thalamus
erashh: thrashes
ertuis: trusties
eertsl: trestles
eishnn: thinness
weiddl: twiddles
etagnn: tangents
eopash: teashops
eopadl: tadpoles
ertuib: tributes
etuasn: tautness
eraavn: tavernas
rrtoac: tractors
eetyps: typesets
erpalm: tramples
eerhcn: trenches
ertonm: torments
eeislm: timeless
easlln: tallness
rtuios: tourists
riaalv: travails
riidff: triffids
erushh: thrushes
rtiasn: transits
ioadlb: tabloids
weikln: twinkles
erihkn: thinkers
eertim: termites
etishl: thistles
rtuuoo: tortuous
rtuuon: turnouts
eertia: treaties
erudhn: thunders
erripp: trippers
eiosnn: tensions
erruos: trousers
eeisdl: tideless
ruilbm: tumbrils
eeypsl: typeless
eyuasd: tuesdays
eriofl: trefoils
ertoas: toasters
weeert: tweeters
eerahc: teachers
eeolcm: telecoms
eerrkk: trekkers
eriadn: tradeins
eertah: theatres
ertiih: thirties
uosskc: tussocks
tiignn: tintings
eertux: textures
euiogh: toughies
eruffl: truffles
eertus: trustees
ertikn: trinkets
tiasgn: tastings
eioaln: toenails
ertips: tipsters
eroddl: toddlers
ruignn: turnings
ertipl: triplets
yoophn: typhoons
tuoghh: thoughts
riagcn: tracings
wtopah: towpaths
eeuslb: tubeless
werral: trawlers
eerohm: theorems
wetfhl: twelfths
ippagn: tappings
erahcn: tranches
errppa: trappers
eruinm: terminus
eryoll: trolleys
rriagm: trigrams
etaslc: tactless
eerrac: terraces
errian: terrains, trainers
errial: trailers
eerasl: tearless
eriklc: trickles
erruop: troupers
9
erruovn: turnovers
eroobnm: trombones
eeetnnm: tenements
eeriosh: theorises
eetissn: testiness
rtuioal: tutorials
eerrasv: traverses
erialnm: terminals, tramlines
eertias: treatises
rtiasnm: transmits
eeessnn: tenseness
errrtuo: torturers
rippagn: trappings
ertioos: tortoises
riignmm: trimmings
eeetypl: teletypes
eruuash: thesaurus
eertisn: triteness
etioccn: tectonics
erttohl: throttles
eoopasn: teaspoons
eeraslc: traceless
rrtuuoo: torturous
eooolxb: toolboxes
eerruas: treasures
ruialbn: tribunals
erypaax: taxpayers
eeypafc: typefaces
eetaamm: teammates
iaaslnm: talismans
erropad: teardrops
errtush: thrusters
woaahkm: tomahawks
eerrshh: threshers
eetassl: tasteless
eriagln: triangles
eetiisf: testifies
uoasdhn: thousands
ertpasn: transepts
ertuacn: truncates
eishkcn: thickness
etuaalb: tabulates
eeripah: therapies
euosghn: toughness
eeraglm: telegrams
etisghn: tightness
eiaskcn: tackiness
ryuoann: tyrannous
eerisdn: tiredness
eetpalm: templates
eetislc: testicles
ertiosh: theorists
wrrooom: tomorrows
eruuolm: tremulous
euioacn: tenacious
errasfn: transfers
eriasdn: tardiness
eeeragn: teenagers
rtuoacn: turncoats
eerriif: terrifies
eerisll: trellises
eeriann: tanneries
eriiogl: trilogies
eryiann: tyrannies
ertahhc: thatchers
eertpsm: temptress
eiaghcn: teachings
eertahn: threatens
eipashn: thespians
riiagnn: trainings
weyaaak: takeaways
eetalcn: tentacles
erasklc: trackless
eashkln: thankless
etooshl: toothless
eeroakv: takeovers
rroopad: trapdoors
eryilcc: tricycles
eeriadg: tragedies
etookxb: textbooks
eeiacnn: tenancies
eeeasll: telesales
werriip: tripwires
eeuppcn: tuppences
riiolln: trillions
wiopshn: townships
erripan: terrapins
errihll: thrillers
wryaakc: trackways
weropam: tapeworms
ruionnn: trunnions
eeerssn: terseness
eertoal: tolerates
10
ertipash: therapists
eertipas: tapestries
eerrallv: travellers
errtiskc: tricksters
eerpasss: trespasses
eerpaghl: telegraphs
eyioopgl: typologies
rrtopasn: transports
rtiioadn: traditions
riooshbm: thrombosis
rroasfnm: transforms
eeriagnn: tangerines
errtoonm: tormentors
ertualbn: turntables
eeiislnm: timeliness
eiooopgl: topologies
ertiiolb: trilobites
eriglbnm: tremblings
erraaslv: traversals
eertiasv: travesties
eropassn: transposes
eeeshlvm: themselves
rtuiaskc: tracksuits
eeeophln: telephones
eetialbm: timetables
etiioaln: tonalities
rrtyiosh: thyristors
qeeuihcn: techniques
eeersdnn: tenderness
eeeidcnn: tendencies
eeiooghl: theologies
tioophkc: toothpicks
ertaasln: translates
eeruodnm: tremendous
rtuaaaln: tarantulas
erosdhhl: thresholds
eerruias: treasuries
weopascn: townscapes
ertuisln: turnstiles
rtooahkm: toothmarks
ruipaaln: tarpaulins
erraadkm: trademarks
eeeopslc: telescopes
errassgn: transgress
eiooaxnm: taxonomies
eerrtiia: tertiaries
erripasn: transpires
eeiaslcm: timescales
eriaadgn: tragedians
eerrtupm: trumpeters
ertisfhl: thriftless
euioshcn: touchiness
eerrruas: treasurers
tuuuuolm: tumultuous
eertiiol: toiletries
erooshbm: thromboses
eerullnn: tunnellers
eeeroshm: threesomes
eruohcnn: truncheons
etoosbnm: tombstones
eruuodhn: thunderous
ertiasnn: transients
eruooasn: treasonous
eertahkm: teethmarks
wuoodhcn: touchdowns
riasghhn: thrashings
toooasdl: toadstools
erasdcnn: transcends
eeroalcn: tolerances
eerisdnn: trendiness
eertianm: terminates
errrtios: terrorists
eettasnm: testaments
rrtuiooa: traitorous
eriadllm: treadmills
rruioolc: tricolours
eetaslln: talentless
eerttanm: treatments
11
eeruasfln: tearfulness
tiiioslln: tonsillitis
eertuoahb: thereabouts
etioosghl: theologists
eeiioslvn: televisions
eeeiiskln: telekinesis
rrtipascn: transcripts
eeerrttam: tetrameters
werushcbm: thumbscrews
ertiaahlc: theatricals
eerioahcc: theocracies
wyiiddkln: tiddlywinks
eetuuopsm: tempestuous
eeerttyps: typesetters
eetuiodnn: tendentious
eeuiossdn: tediousness
eeeeripkm: timekeepers
eruioabnm: tambourines
rtuioacnn: truncations
rrtoaasln: translators
eerriopam: temporaries
eeerrasfn: transferees
etuiooagl: tautologies
rrtioassn: transistors
rruuooadb: troubadours
errtioanm: terminators
etoahllcb: tablecloths
eertoohkn: tenterhooks
etuosghhl: thoughtless
euifhllbm: thimblefuls
ertuoannm: tournaments
tuioaalbn: tabulations
eoopaslbn: tablespoons
weerrtyip: typewriters
ertoahccn: technocrats
tiooasxnm: taxonomists
erruasdcn: transducers
erriaffkc: traffickers
ertyoodgl: troglodytes
eriopalnm: trampolines
eeraalcbn: tabernacles
eetiiosnm: testimonies
erriascbn: transcribes
errtuiiab: tributaries
eeruoaglv: travelogues
erttoashm: thermostats
eerrpasss: trespassers
tuoasdhhn: thousandths
rtpaaslnn: transplants
eeisshkcn: thicknesses
eetioodhl: theodolites
rtioosbnm: trombonists
tiooopsgl: topologists
rtiioasnn: transitions
tuuoooagl: tautologous
eiooaghln: theologians
ettiopanm: temptations
eerrrtiio: territories
eerruoahc: treacherous
ropaaghhc: tachographs
ertyippsc: typescripts
eriiiaslv: trivialises
eiiahccnn: technicians
12
eeeissslnm: timelessness
erupadhlcn: thunderclaps
errrtopasn: transporters
rtioaaslnn: translations
eetuassfln: tastefulness
eerrroahcb: torchbearers
erryoppagh: typographers
eeerrtupam: temperatures
errttiasnm: transmitters
eruoosghhn: thoroughness
eruuioslcb: tuberculosis
eeerrtipln: teleprinters
ruioassfnn: transfusions
ertiiasdxm: taxidermists
ertiiopadn: trepidations
ertiioannm: terminations
eeertosghn: togetherness
rtuiioalbn: tribulations
eeiassslln: taillessness
euoopasfln: teaspoonfuls
etiioaslnm: testimonials
eeerrtohmm: thermometers
erropasdnn: transponders
eerrasssgn: transgresses
ertuussfln: trustfulness
eetassslcn: tactlessness
ertuusfhln: truthfulness
euasfhklnn: thankfulness
eeertpanmm: temperaments
eeiisshhvn: thievishness
eeerttoall: teetotallers
eerrtoadhn: tetrahedrons
ertuooshhb: toothbrushes
errriascbn: transcribers
tiooasccbn: tobacconists
rtioaascnn: transactions
eetiopshln: telephonists
eerriascvn: transceivers
ertuodhlbn: thunderbolts
eerrtioajc: trajectories
ertiiiialv: trivialities
eeiophhlcn: technophiles
errroasfnm: transformers
eeiooghlcn: technologies
13
eetiaasklvn: talkativeness
eeruuosslnm: tremulousness
errroasssgn: transgressors
qeeerrrtuah: threequarters
etioosghlcn: technologists
eeriiooglnm: terminologies
errtuosdhnm: thunderstorms
eetioasslln: tessellations
riioasssnnm: transmissions
erruoodghhb: thoroughbreds
eertiioahcn: theoreticians
erruooafghh: thoroughfares
eerioahcccn: technocracies
eeetassssln: tastelessness
eerruoaklbm: troublemakers
eerttiassvn: transvestites
14
euoopasfllbn: tablespoonfuls
eetiiiahlccn: technicalities
rtuiioaaglnn: triangulations
etuuosfghhln: thoughtfulness
eerripaascnn: transparencies
weerttuiosgn: tonguetwisters
rtiioopassnn: transpositions
erriioasfgnm: transmogrifies
eeruasdfhhln: thunderflashes
eryioadhcnmm: thermodynamics
errtiioassnn: transitoriness
eerrttiaasln: transliterates
rrtiiopascnn: transcriptions
errioasssgnn: transgressions
qerruiiaslln: tranquillisers
15
rttiiioaasdln: traditionalists
eetuosssghhln: thoughtlessness
werrttuiosshn: trustworthiness
rtiiiioaaslvn: trivialisations
rrtiooaasfnnm: transformations
eertaasdlcnnn: transcendentals
eeeruoosslbnm: troublesomeness
eerrtuoooshlb: troubleshooters
16
errttiioaaslnn: transliterations
18
eetuiiooalccnnmm: telecommunications

tp
3
a: tap
i: tip
o: top
4
am: tamp
ra: trap
ri: trip
5
uhm: thump
ram: tramp
uil: tulip
rum: trump
roo: troop
6
euac: teacup
tiop: tiptop
ruin: turnip
uoss: tossup
7
eerto: treetop
yoosh: toyshop
eoash: teashop
8
erroad: teardrop
wioshn: township
9
rioopsh: troopship
rruoopb: turboprop
11
eertuissh: trusteeship
eruadhlcn: thunderclap
13
eerrruiassh: treasurership

tn
3
a: tan
i: tin
e: ten
u: tun
o: ton
4
ru: turn
eh: then
ee: teen
ah: than
wi: twin
ih: thin
ra: tarn
ro: torn
wo: town
er: tern
5
roh: thorn
eak: taken
rui: turin
wia: twain
iox: toxin
eok: token
oal: talon
eon: tenon
eax: texan
tia: titan
ria: train
6
erav: tavern
eodn: tendon
wiaa: taiwan
iosc: tocsin
wroh: thrown
yooc: tycoon
iacn: tincan
rtaa: tartan
raaz: tarzan
aaxm: taxman
eeru: tureen
iann: tannin
ruab: turban
7
etigh: tighten
euogh: toughen
eerah: teheran
erodd: trodden
yooph: typhoon
eiosn: tension
eihkc: thicken
eerih: therein
yoahc: tachyon
eeroh: thereon
eroas: treason
rioos: torsion
eriad: tradein
rtias: tristan
erria: terrain
tuiio: tuition
iopps: topspin
8
erripa: terrapin
weosnm: townsmen
eertih: thirteen
etusgn: tungsten
woasnm: townsman
tioaax: taxation
iaaslm: talisman
rroaag: tarragon
ooaggb: toboggan
rriaam: trimaran
ruionn: trunnion
rtioac: traction
uiiasn: tunisian
iipasl: tailspin
riioll: trillion
rtuiac: taciturn
eoopas: teaspoon
eetohl: telethon
eipash: thespian
eertah: threaten
9
eeruoph: thereupon
eriasbm: tribesman
eruohcn: truncheon
rtioahl: triathlon
eerisbm: tribesmen
eraasdm: tradesman
tiiaacc: tactician
eerasdm: tradesmen
rtiioad: tradition
eriaadg: tragedian
ruipaal: tarpaulin
wuoodhc: touchdown
rttiioa: titration
10
eiiahccn: technician
eiooaghl: theologian
rtuioacn: truncation
ertiiosc: trisection
rtiioasn: transition
eoopaslb: tablespoon
eeiioslv: television
ertiooal: toleration
weuodlbm: tumbledown
ettiopam: temptation
tuioaalb: tabulation
11
ertiiopad: trepidation
eerrtoadh: tetrahedron
rtioaasln: translation
ttiiioall: titillation
rtuiioalb: tribulation
ruioassfn: transfusion
rtioaascn: transaction
ertiioanm: termination
weerttyip: typewritten
ertioascn: transection
12
rttiioaaal: totalitarian
eetioassll: tessellation
ertiiooash: theorisation
riioasssnm: transmission
rtiiiopalc: triplication
rtuioasdcn: transduction
eertiioahc: theoretician
13
rrtiiopascn: transcription
rtiioopassn: transposition
rttuioaasnm: transmutation
rrtiiopaasn: transpiration
rtuiioaagln: triangulation
errioasssgn: transgression
14
rtiiiioaaslv: trivialisation
rrtiioaasgnm: transmigration
eerrrrtioskc: terrorstricken
rrttioopaasn: transportation
rrtiooaasfnm: transformation
15
errttiioaasln: transliteration
rrtuiioaasfgn: transfiguration
rttiopaaaslnn: transplantation
17
eetuiiooalccnmm: telecommunication
18
rrtiiiooaasfgcnm: transmogrification

to
2
: to
3
w: two
o: too
4
og: togo
ri: tiro, trio
5
agn: tango
yok: tokyo
oab: taboo
rub: turbo
epm: tempo
ros: torso
6
ttoa: tattoo
toam: tomato
eudx: tuxedo
eodl: toledo
oagb: tobago
7
yahll: tallyho
erolm: tremolo
roadn: tornado
eropd: torpedo
eagln: tangelo
aascb: tabasco
rtoon: toronto
eerth: thereto
oaccb: tobacco
8
errazz: terrazzo
9
eetophl: telephoto
10
uoadghcn: touchandgo

tl
4
aa: taal
el: tell
ol: toll
ea: teal
al: tall
il: till
io: toil
ia: tail
oo: tool
5
rol: troll
wra: trawl
iad: tidal
wil: twill
weo: towel
wri: twirl
ril: trill
oan: tonal
toa: total
ria: trail, trial
6
iosn: tonsil
eisn: tinsel
eunn: tunnel
rahl: thrall
erav: travel
riab: tribal
rihl: thrill
raas: tarsal
eass: tassel
wero: trowel
7
riaav: travail
riiav: trivial
uafkn: tankful
eioan: toenail
tuaac: tactual
iiofn: tinfoil
ioops: topsoil
euufn: tuneful
yipac: typical
eridn: tendril
erahm: thermal
eruaf: tearful
iopac: topical
ruiom: turmoil
etuax: textual
eriof: trefoil
tuafc: tactful
eramm: trammel
8
eerass: tesseral
rtuusf: trustful
eraahc: tracheal
ertuax: textural
qruian: tranquil
riopac: tropical
ruiabn: tribunal
eruian: tenurial
riaagc: tragical
eropam: temporal
rioadm: trimodal
tiaacc: tactical
eettoa: teetotal
uafhkn: thankful
erianm: terminal
rtuioa: tutorial
rtuufh: truthful
etuasf: tasteful
eeoplv: toplevel
9
toooasd: toadstool
ruipahm: triumphal
erraasv: traversal
uiahbnm: thumbnail
riooasn: torsional
eiahccn: technical
eriadlm: treadmill
eriiann: triennial
eioasnn: tensional
10
ertiaahc: theatrical
ruiiagln: trilingual
errtiaal: trilateral
ryiaacnn: tyrannical
eeuiaslv: televisual
tuuofghh: thoughtful
euifhlbm: thimbleful
etiaagnn: tangential
errtioan: torrential
11
iooaaxcnm: taxonomical
eiooaghlc: theological
eertioahc: theoretical
etiioasnm: testimonial
iooopaglc: topological
eerrrtias: terrestrial
errrtiioa: territorial
eerrtaadh: tetrahedral
yioopaglc: typological
euoopasfn: teaspoonful
rtiioaadn: traditional
errraasfn: transferral
12
tuiooaaglc: tautological
eeiooagllc: teleological
rtiioaasnn: transitional
13
eiooaghlccn: technological
rtioaaascnn: transactional
iioooaglxcc: toxicological
rtioaaaslnn: translational
riooppaaghc: topographical
eeertpaanmm: temperamental
ryioppaaghc: typographical
eertioosshl: tortoiseshell
rtioaaasnnn: transnational
14
eertaasdcnnn: transcendental
eriiooaglcnm: terminological
eerioahhccmm: thermochemical
weiiooasdnnm: twodimensional
15
errtiiooagcnm: trigonometrical
eryioaadhcnmm: thermodynamical
rrtiiopaascnn: transcriptional
16
rrtiooaaasfnnm: transformational
erttioaascnnnn: transcontinental
eeeriioasdhnnm: threedimensional

tm
4
eh: them
ee: teem
ea: team
ra: tram
ri: trim
er: term
5
ruh: thrum
eto: totem
6
eadn: tandem
ualc: talcum
toom: tomtom
eish: theism
euid: tedium
ruis: truism
7
ruioh: thorium
rtuan: tantrum
rriag: trigram
roasn: transom
eeroh: theorem
roopa: taproom
erooa: tearoom
ruios: tourism
rtuii: tritium
8
uiahll: thallium
tuaaln: tantalum
eeragl: telegram
weropa: tapeworm
tuiian: titanium
eioskn: tokenism
9
rroasfn: transform
errroaf: terraform
errrios: terrorism
eerrofh: therefrom
riiaslb: tribalism
10
raaaadcm: tarmacadam
11
eettioasl: teetotalism
12
ruiipashlm: triumphalism
ertiasssvn: transvestism
errtuosdhn: thunderstorm
14
rtiiioaasdln: traditionalism
15
rttiiioaaasln: totalitarianism

tk
4
oo: took
ru: turk
ac: tack
ea: teak
al: talk
us: tusk
an: tank
as: task
ic: tick
uc: tuck
er: trek
5
wea: tweak
run: trunk
rac: track
ruc: truck
ahn: thank
ihn: think
ihc: thick
ric: trick
6
wahc: thwack
7
uossc: tussock
oaakm: tokamak
8
etooxb: textbook
aaklcb: talkback
weroam: teamwork
eeriab: tiebreak
woaahm: tomahawk
9
wroahcb: throwback
tiahknn: thinktank
woosfln: townsfolk
erraadm: trademark
tioophc: toothpick
10
eertulcn: turtleneck
13
errtuusdhcn: thunderstruck
eeeuioghcnn: tongueincheek

th
4
ec: tech
5
rtu: truth
eet: teeth
eac: teach
roc: torch
uoc: touch
roa: torah
too: tooth
ecn: tench
ras: trash
uog: tough
etn: tenth
igh: thigh
6
ersh: thresh
rush: thrush
uogh: though
rash: thrash
ruog: trough
ercn: trench
wtic: twitch
tahc: thatch
7
wetfl: twelfth
wtopa: towpath
ruipm: triumph
ruogh: through
ruisk: turkish
iasll: tallish
riasn: tarnish
8
rtyipc: triptych
riosll: trollish
iisklc: ticklish
tooolb: tolbooth
toopcn: topnotch
etoalc: teacloth
eriisg: tigerish
iishnn: thinnish
eiishv: thievish
iishkc: thickish
ruoogh: thorough
uisggh: thuggish
9
eerpagl: telegraph
weettin: twentieth
erttiih: thirtieth
weertih: therewith
10
eerttihn: thirteenth
etoallcb: tablecloth
rtuooshb: toothbrush
tuoasdhn: thousandth
ropaaghc: tachograph
11
eertofhcn: thenceforth

ti
8
eruash: thesauri
4
ax: taxi
ro: tori
ah: thai
5
epm: tempi
6
tioo: toitoi
eipa: taipei
tiah: tahiti
7
riopl: tripoli
erinm: termini
uasnm: tsunami

tf
8
eeoadn: tonedeaf
4
ru: turf
5
eih: thief
6
iopf: tipoff
riaf: tariff
7
eyshl: thyself
eeroh: thereof

tg
3
a: tag
u: tug
o: tog
4
uh: thug
wi: twig
an: tang
5
wan: twang
ohn: thong
yin: tying
ihn: thing
6
iinm: timing
rohn: throng
iiln: tiling
iakn: taking
ryin: trying
eaab: teabag
iaxn: taxing
ianm: taming
ipan: taping
wion: towing
uinn: tuning
eein: teeing
yipn: typing
yion: toying
erua: tuareg
riin: tiring
ionn: toning
uibn: tubing
iidn: tiding
eion: toeing
7
tiiln: tilting, titling
eisnn: tensing
iippn: tipping
riacn: tracing
iakcn: tacking
uiggn: tugging
iilln: tilling
iiaxn: taxiing
tuifn: tufting
ruion: touring
eilln: telling
iioln: toiling
ippan: tapping
wiinn: twining
tiihn: tithing
ttion: totting
iaskn: tasking
iannn: tanning
uikcn: tucking
ruinn: turning
eeinm: teeming
yiidn: tidying
eianm: teaming
eidnn: tending
iialn: tailing
erinm: terming
eiasn: teasing
tioon: tooting
ioppn: topping
iabbn: tabbing
tiinn: tinting
erian: tearing
wiahn: thawing
tuion: touting
rrian: tarring
iakln: talking
riadn: trading
ialbn: tabling
iaknn: tanking
tiasn: tasting
iossn: tossing
iikcn: ticking
iooln: tooling
etisn: testing
iolln: tolling
iaggn: tagging
8
ioggln: toggling
riiann: training
iahknn: thanking
erilbn: trebling
ruidgn: trudging
ertian: treating
ioddln: toddling
wriohn: throwing
wriiln: twirling
ruissn: trussing
riialn: trailing
ioppln: toppling
etipnm: tempting
riikcn: tricking
tiiann: tainting
werion: towering
eiihvn: thieving
erikkn: trekking
wrialn: trawling
wtiisn: twisting
uihbnm: thumbing
iaglnn: tangling
wiagnn: twanging
weiakn: tweaking
uissln: tussling
eetihn: teething
iiglnn: tingling
riakcn: tracking
riolln: trolling
rttion: trotting
uiphnm: thumping
eiahcn: teaching
ripanm: tramping
riilln: trilling
rtuion: tutoring
rryian: tarrying
uiohcn: touching
rippan: trapping
uiddhn: thudding
tioasn: toasting
uilbnm: tumbling
wiinnn: twinning
riifln: trifling
riippn: tripping
eripan: tapering
iaklcn: tackling
yialln: tallying
iiklcn: tickling
iihknn: thinking
rtuisn: trusting
ruiknn: trunking
tuiann: taunting
iippln: tippling
riipln: tripling
iiklnn: tinkling
riihvn: thriving
eriadn: treading
riinmm: trimming
rioopn: trooping
iihnnn: thinning
9
tiahhcn: thatching
ripalnm: trampling
erriacn: terracing
rtuishn: thrusting
eeripnm: tempering
erttiin: tittering
rioghnn: thronging
erttion: tottering
erihcnn: trenching
ruiocnn: trouncing
ruidlnn: trundling
wiiddln: twiddling
yipaaxn: taxpaying
etiiopn: tiptoeing
rrtuion: torturing
erishhn: threshing
rtuiann: truanting
wtiihcn: twitching
erilbnm: trembling
riioaln: tailoring
riiklcn: trickling
wiiklnn: twinkling
eriadhn: threading
yyiipfn: typifying
etiioln: toileting
eripanm: tampering
rtiishn: thirsting
ttiooan: tattooing
tioalln: totalling
eertihn: tethering
eriiknn: tinkering
ertiagn: targeting
wrtiahn: thwarting
ruiolbn: troubling
weiolln: towelling
eeertin: teetering
riohbbn: throbbing
riashhn: thrashing
eeridnn: tendering
riihlln: thrilling
10
tuiaalbn: tabulating
eeiislvn: televising
ipaadcnn: tapdancing
erriiggn: triggering
erruiasn: treasuring
ertuipnm: trumpeting
eriioshn: theorising
euillnnn: tunnelling
ertioaln: tolerating
rttiohln: throttling
etiighnn: tightening
ertionnm: tormenting
werttiin: twittering
erryiifn: terrifying
erriasvn: traversing
riiashnn: tarnishing
eruidhnn: thundering
iooaklnm: toolmaking
tiioasln: totalising
eriallvn: travelling
etyiisfn: testifying
ertiiscn: trisecting
rtuiacnn: truncating
eiihkcnn: thickening
ruiiphnm: triumphing
11
eertiahnn: threatening
eeiopslcn: telescoping
iooaggbnn: tobogganing
eripasssn: trespassing
rtiaaslnn: translating
etyipascn: typecasting
etiialbnm: timetabling
errriiosn: terrorising
eettyipsn: typesetting
riopassnn: transposing
rtuiasnnm: transmuting
ertiiannm: terminating
ruiassfnn: transfusing
weeriokln: teleworking
riiaffkcn: trafficking
ertiisdvn: testdriving
rtiaascnn: transacting
wertyiipn: typewriting
eeeiipknm: timekeeping
ttiiialln: titillating
eeiophlnn: telephoning
tiiaaslnn: tantalising
12
eeripaghln: telegraphing
rrtiopasnn: transporting
eriasdcnnn: transcending
riiopalnnm: trampolining
errriasfnn: transferring
riiiiaslvn: trivialising
rriiascbnn: transcribing
rrioasfnnm: transforming
iiasghkvnn: thanksgiving
rttiiasnnm: transmitting
13
rtipaaslnnn: transplanting
eerriopadcn: taperecording
erriasssgnn: transgressing
ruiooogghhn: thoroughgoing
euiioscnnmm: timeconsuming
eetuiolcnmm: telecommuting
rtuiiaaglnn: triangulating
15
ertuioooshlbn: troubleshooting
errttiiaaslnn: transliterating
16
rtuiooopghhkvn: thoughtprovoking

td
3
e: ted
4
eo: toed
en: tend
ei: tied
ee: teed
oa: toad
ol: told
uh: thud
ro: trod
ra: trad
5
eip: tepid
eun: tuned
eam: tamed
wee: tweed
eyp: typed
weo: towed
eon: toned
eyo: toyed
eri: tired, tried
eax: taxed
era: tread
rih: third
iim: timid
eub: tubed
ern: trend
ria: triad
eim: timed
eil: tiled
epa: taped
6
etil: tilted, titled
etin: tinted
eedn: tended
erac: traced
erra: tarred
eehm: themed
erad: traded
erah: thread
etoo: tooted
eill: tilled
eruf: turfed
eusk: tusked
etto: totted
wroa: toward
epam: tamped
einn: tinned
ruig: turgid
eask: tasked
eann: tanned
etas: tasted
eeri: tiered
ualm: talmud
eoll: tolled
eerm: termed
ealb: tabled
eool: tooled
eabb: tabbed
riop: torpid, tripod
eagg: tagged
etuo: touted
eukc: tucked
eets: tested
eeas: teased
eikc: ticked
eruo: toured
etuf: tufted
weah: thawed
eiid: tidied
eipp: tipped
eeam: teamed
eeem: teemed
eopp: topped
eugg: tugged
ruib: turbid
eiol: toiled
eppa: tapped
rrio: torrid
eakc: tacked
eiax: taxied
wein: twined
eakn: tanked
eakl: talked
eesn: tensed
eoss: tossed
eial: tailed
erun: turned
eign: tinged
eetn: tented
7
yioph: typhoid
erash: trashed
eetpm: tempted
eaklc: tackled
weeak: tweaked
eoohl: toehold
weigg: twigged
eoppl: toppled
erimm: trimmed
erill: trilled
etooh: toothed
erikc: tricked
ioalb: tabloid
euosl: tousled
euphm: thumped
erihv: thrived
etiop: tiptoed
ertus: trusted
euddh: thudded
ryioh: thyroid
weagn: twanged
erppa: trapped
eahkn: thanked
etian: tainted
eoddl: toddled
raakn: tankard
woofl: twofold
eruss: trussed
eerun: tenured
eerlb: trebled
weero: towered
ertuo: tutored
eroop: trooped
erohn: throned
eiall: tallied
euohc: touched
weral: trawled
eagln: tangled
etuan: taunted
erial: trailed
eerkk: trekked
eeihv: thieved
euhbm: thumbed
erudg: trudged
eoggl: toggled
weril: twirled
eeeth: teethed
eulbm: tumbled
erohc: torched
etoas: toasted
wetis: twisted
erupm: trumped
eihnn: thinned
eripp: tripped
riiff: triffid
erakc: tracked
eofln: tenfold
eigln: tingled
eiklc: tickled
eerta: treated
erifl: trifled
erria: tarried
eripl: tripled
eerpa: tapered
erpam: tramped
erian: trained
weinn: twinned
ertto: trotted
eikln: tinkled
8
eruocn: trounced
eerikn: tinkered
weiddl: twiddled
eershh: threshed
eertux: textured
wiialn: tailwind
weoafc: twofaced
erudln: trundled
wetihc: twitched
eetikc: ticketed
erttia: titrated
eertto: tottered
erpalm: trampled
etahhc: thatched
eroghn: thronged
eerhcn: trenched
erioal: tailored
eetann: tenanted
eetaln: talented
weikln: twinkled
eeerpm: tempered
eruolb: troubled
erohbb: throbbed
eertti: tittered
eeribm: timbered
errtuo: tortured
eertta: tattered
erakcb: trackbed
eeradh: threaded
wtiagh: tightwad
eyiipf: typified
eeeert: teetered
eeerth: tethered
eerpam: tampered
etoall: totalled
eerlbm: trembled
erihll: thrilled
ettooa: tattooed
eerrac: terraced
eeeagn: teenaged
weeoll: towelled
eeerdn: tendered
uoashn: thousand
eerrtu: turreted
eertag: targeted
eruadc: traduced
ertish: thirsted
eriklc: trickled
wertah: thwarted
riiadn: trinidad
erashh: thrashed
9
eriashn: tarnished
eeroopd: torpedoed
eeriosh: theorised
eruiphm: triumphed
eerruas: treasured
rruuonn: turnround
eeassll: tasselled
eerrasv: traversed
eerpann: trepanned
eeuoghn: toughened
eeeislv: televised
eerrigg: triggered
eerallv: travelled
eeihkcn: thickened
eerriif: terrified
eerisll: trellised
eerofhl: threefold
eetighn: tightened
eetiisf: testified
eeiosnn: tensioned
eertonm: tormented
eerudhn: thundered
weertti: twittered
ertuacn: truncated
etuaalb: tabulated
eaallbn: tableland
eroshhl: threshold
eeullnn: tunnelled
rioaaln: trainload
erttohl: throttled
erascnn: transcend
eertupm: trumpeted
eetalcn: tentacled
eertoal: tolerated
ertuicn: tinctured
10
eetuiogn: tonguetied
eropassn: transposed
eetialbm: timetabled
eerpasss: trespassed
ertaascn: transacted
eruassfn: transfused
eeeopslc: telescoped
etiaasln: tantalised
eeeophln: telephoned
eriaffkc: trafficked
eriasfxn: transfixed
ettiiall: titillated
eryiasnn: tyrannised
erripasn: transpired
eertianm: terminated
eerrrios: terrorised
eeertahn: threatened
rruuoann: turnaround
ertuasnm: transmuted
ertaasln: translated
11
erroasfnm: transformed
eerasdcnn: transcended
eeetassll: tessellated
ertuiaasm: traumatised
eeerpaghl: telegraphed
eertiaasn: tearstained
errtopasn: transported
etiippghl: tightlipped
eerrroafm: terraformed
ettiisfgh: tightfisted
eerrrasfn: transferred
erriascbn: transcribed
eerraadkm: trademarked
eriiiaslv: trivialised
erttiasnm: transmitted
12
eeerropadc: taperecorded
eerrasssgn: transgressed
erruooghhb: thoroughbred
eruuodhlcn: thundercloud
ertuiaagln: triangulated
erruoaghcb: turbocharged
ertpaaslnn: transplanted
erruiasfgn: transfigured
eiishkkcnn: thickskinned
eeruioohnm: timehonoured
uooasdfhln: thousandfold
13
qeruiiaslln: tranquillised
weerroafhcn: thenceforward
14
errtiioasssn: transistorised
eerrttiaasln: transliterated

te
3
i: tie
h: the
e: tee
o: toe
4
on: tone
om: tome
ub: tube
eh: thee
ry: tyre
ru: true
we: twee
ak: take
am: tame
al: tale
ri: tire
yk: tyke
pa: tape
im: time
il: tile
yp: type
un: tune
ro: tore
id: tide
er: tree
5
rad: trade
onn: tonne
rac: trace
tas: taste
win: twine
ahn: thane
rti: titre, trite
osh: those
ihn: thine
rop: trope
wic: twice
rib: tribe
ric: trice
rov: trove
til: title
tih: tithe
ruc: truce
ign: tinge
ehm: theme
esh: these
alb: table
rip: tripe
esn: tense
eas: tease
yhm: thyme
ers: terse
eep: tepee
idl: tilde
erh: there, three
6
uiss: tissue
erlb: treble
rihv: thrive
uogn: tongue
rtul: turtle
rihc: thrice
ippl: tipple
eihv: thieve
iiab: tibiae
ruop: troupe
qruo: torque
wign: twinge
riad: tirade
riag: triage
aklc: tackle
tool: tootle
igln: tingle
rudg: trudge
eeep: teepee
iakl: talkie
ehcn: thence
agln: tangle
erun: tenure
uohc: touche
eoff: toffee
etss: tsetse
eeth: teethe
rohn: throne
euop: toupee
ulbm: tumble
ripl: triple
eeeh: teehee
ttal: tattle
tiop: tiptoe
ussl: tussle
oggl: toggle
iklc: tickle
ribm: timbre
oddl: toddle
welv: twelve
racn: trance
rifl: trifle
eplm: temple
oppl: topple
ikln: tinkle
7
wrian: tinware
eisln: tensile
woosm: twosome
ualbn: tunable
ruibn: tribune, turbine
rpalm: trample
rrtuo: torture
ertus: trustee
erafx: taxfree
wikln: twinkle
ertux: texture
iagll: tillage
tishl: thistle
ruolb: trouble
ruffl: truffle
etiam: teatime
aalxb: taxable
ruocn: trounce
erpaz: trapeze
widdl: twiddle
euoln: toluene
ruosn: tonsure
eralc: treacle
rudln: trundle
errac: terrace
erlbm: tremble
rtuib: tribute
opadl: tadpole
errim: trireme
eradl: treadle
tialc: tactile
eeagn: teenage
rahcn: tranche
ertim: termite
ertsl: trestle
riklc: trickle
uiogh: toughie
etilx: textile
aagkn: tankage
ertah: theatre
errin: terrine
erian: trainee
ealbn: tenable
oagnn: tonnage
ihlbm: thimble
8
eetypl: teletype
tuaalb: tabulate
ryilcc: tricycle
rtioos: tortoise
ripaln: triplane
ettusb: testtube
ertias: treatise
errilb: terrible
euppcn: tuppence
rtuacn: truncate
etuagl: tutelage
roobnm: trombone
etalcn: tentacle
iaglbn: tangible
wrriip: tripwire
paadcn: tapdance
erruas: treasure
eeislv: televise
errasv: traverse
rttohl: throttle
eriosh: theorise
riagln: triangle
eriosm: tiresome
etaamm: teammate
etislc: testicle
etpalm: template
rrttaa: tartrate
ruipkn: turnpike
eruulb: trueblue
ettiol: toilette
etalll: telltale
rtuicn: tincture
toagll: tollgate
etaslb: testable
eypafc: typeface
eaaklb: takeable
ertoal: tolerate
eiasbm: timebase
9
eriashm: timeshare
eraalcb: traceable
eeopslc: telescope
ertiodx: tetroxide
weraalb: tableware
rtuisln: turnstile
iahklbn: thinkable
rtaasln: translate
errrios: terrorise
ertianm: terminate
eeroshm: threesome
eiaslcm: timescale
qeuihcn: technique
tooahhc: toothache
rtiopgh: tightrope
ertaalb: treatable
eeophln: telephone
rtuuipd: turpitude
ipaalln: tailplane
eriafmm: timeframe
wopascn: townscape
eaahlcb: teachable
eiipalc: tailpiece
ryiasnn: tyrannise
rtaalcb: tractable
toosbnm: tombstone
eroallb: tolerable
etialbm: timetable
rtualbn: turntable
ertisdv: testdrive
ttiiall: titillate
eeiipcm: timepiece
tiaaklv: talkative
eriagnn: tangerine
rtuasnm: transmute
qruuios: turquoise
toooshm: toothsome
eraadlb: tradeable
rripasn: transpire
ettiavn: tentative
ropassn: transpose
eertpam: temperate
eerrofh: therefore
eipaslm: timelapse
tiaasln: tantalise
eroalcn: tolerance
rtiiolb: trilobite
rppaalb: trappable
10
eruulcbn: turbulence
eriascnn: transience
ruooppas: tropopause
rtiipalc: triplicate
ertuipnn: turpentine
rtiiasvn: transitive
eruoaglv: travelogue
erraadhb: threadbare
rtuiaasm: traumatise
rioaallb: tailorable
riopalnm: trampoline
rrttiipa: tripartite
rioaadlm: tailormade
eruulccn: truculence
etioodhl: theodolite
rriascbn: transcribe
eerpacnm: temperance
ttoopash: toothpaste
ruioabnm: tambourine
eraalcbn: tabernacle
rtyoodgl: troglodyte
riiiaslv: trivialise
errassvn: transverse
eerrasfn: transferee
11
rtiiasfnn: transfinite
rtuuaaghm: thaumaturge
eruooslbm: troublesome
iioaddhlm: thalidomide
weooppsln: townspeople
errooppsh: troposphere
eerrtupam: temperature
ryiiadcnn: tyrannicide
rrtuiiavm: triumvirate
rtuiaagln: triangulate
eroaaslbn: treasonable
12
qruiiaslln: tranquillise
eruaslccnn: translucence
erraasflbn: transferable
eeroppasdl: tradespeople
erryiidglc: triglyceride
eerioppslb: tribespeople
eerttoossn: testosterone
rtaaasllbn: translatable
riiasssvnm: transmissive
eerrasfcnn: transference
erttiassvn: transvestite
rruooafghh: thoroughfare
13
rrtopaaslbn: transportable
rttiaaslbnm: transmittable
errtioadhlc: tetrachloride
eerasdccnnn: transcendence
erriasssgvn: transgressive
errttiaasln: transliterate
rttiaascnnm: transmittance
riiassslbnm: transmissible
etuiaddlxcb: taxdeductible
14
eeeeroflccnn: teleconference
rrtioaasfvnm: transformative

tb
3
a: tab
u: tub
4
om: tomb
5
roh: throb
uhm: thumb
7
iaaxc: taxicab

tc
3
i: tic
4
al: talc
5
ion: tonic
iox: toxic
uin: tunic
iop: topic
6
iann: tannic
riag: tragic
riop: tropic
tiac: tactic
raam: tarmac
7
tiian: titanic
etiom: totemic
riiad: triadic
riaff: traffic
8
rrtiaa: tartaric
rioahc: thoracic
etiocn: tectonic
erriif: terrific
etiahm: thematic
ryiann: tyrannic
erruim: turmeric
etiish: theistic
9
eertioh: theoretic
rioasnn: transonic
iooaxnm: taxonomic
rtiioam: triatomic
rtuiios: touristic
rtuiaam: traumatic
10
eeiophln: telephonic
eetipahl: telepathic
etiioskn: tokenistic
eeiopslc: telescopic
11
ryioppagh: typographic
riooppagh: topographic
eertuipah: therapeutic
eeripaghl: telegraphic
12
erriooppsh: tropospheric
erttioashm: thermostatic
eioophhcbn: technophobic
ertioahccn: technocratic
13
ertiopashlm: thermoplastic
eryioadhnmm: thermodynamic
rttiaaaslnn: transatlantic
errtiioognm: trigonometric
14
eeerrtiohlcm: thermoelectric

ta
3
e: tea
4
og: toga
un: tuna
ub: tuba
5
ert: tetra
ogn: tonga
iib: tibia
ikk: tikka
eth: theta
ria: tiara
6
rudn: tundra
riiv: trivia
ruam: trauma
eugl: tugela
wasn: tswana
riok: troika
7
etaff: taffeta
toacc: toccata
iopac: tapioca
rtuaa: tuatara
qeuil: tequila
eerpm: tempera
eravn: taverna
erahc: trachea
oolbm: tombola
uiisn: tunisia
8
rtuaam: traumata
iaaznn: tanzania
eioaxm: toxaemia
iaasnm: tasmania
9
rtuaaln: tarantula
10
errttoac: terracotta
eerrtadh: tetrahedra
11
ryiaadhcc: tachycardia
12
rtaaaaaslm: taramasalata
eioophhcbn: technophobia

zl
10
ioooaglc: zoological
4
ea: zeal
5
oan: zonal

zm
4
oo: zoom
7
iiosn: zionism

zn
8
tiooan: zonation
eeippl: zeppelin
11
tooopakln: zooplankton
4
io: zion
7
iioll: zillion
iaabm: zambian

zo
3
o: zoo
4
er: zero

zh
6
etin: zenith

zi
5
obm: zombi
7
eazbm: zambezi

zd
9
eiagggz: zigzagged
5
eon: zoned
6
eipp: zipped
eoom: zoomed
eero: zeroed

ze
8
wiabbm: zimbabwe
4
on: zone
5
ria: zaire
6
iobm: zombie
7
etiol: zeolite

zg
10
iiagggzn: zigzagging
3
a: zag
i: zig
6
ionn: zoning
iagz: zigzag
7
ioonm: zooming
erion: zeroing
ippan: zapping
iippn: zipping

za
4
et: zeta
5
erb: zebra
6
iabm: zambia

zc
4
in: zinc

zy
8
ertoal: zealotry
9
euoasll: zealously
etusfll: zestfully
4
an: zany
5
ets: zesty
ppa: zappy
ipp: zippy
7
ooogl: zoology

zt
9
iooosgl: zoologist
4
es: zest
6
eoal: zealot
7
iiosn: zionist
eiasn: zaniest

zu
4
ul: zulu
eb: zebu

zp
3
a: zap
i: zip

zr
8
iaazbn: zanzibar
6
eyph: zephyr
etih: zither
eipp: zipper

zs
4
ee: zees
eu: zeus
pa: zaps
oo: zoos
ip: zips
5
oom: zooms
uul: zulus
eon: zones
eal: zeals
eub: zebus
6
erab: zebras
7
eripp: zippers
etihn: zeniths
ertih: zithers
euoal: zealous
eryph: zephyrs
iaggz: zigzags
etoal: zealots
eiobm: zombies
8
tiiosn: zionists
iaabnm: zambians
iiolln: zillions
eetiol: zeolites
10
tiooosgl: zoologists
eeeroopk: zookeepers
11
eeuoassln: zealousness

wl
4
oo: wool
el: well
ea: weal
al: wall
il: will
ia: wail
5
eeh: wheel
rih: whirl
6
euof: woeful
eeas: weasel
uifl: wilful
eeiv: weevil
7
uisfh: wishful
tiaag: wagtail
tuisf: wistful
ertas: wastrel
euafk: wakeful
8
iadfln: windfall
iidlnm: windmill
wiodfl: wildfowl
tuafhc: watchful
ruofgn: wrongful
rtuafh: wrathful
etuasf: wasteful
9
rioophl: whirlpool
ertialm: watermill
eeoahlm: wholemeal
ertaafl: waterfall
wertoaf: waterfowl
eruodfn: wonderful
iiashcm: whimsical
10
wrtiaadh: withdrawal
weeertah: waterwheel
ruiopsfh: worshipful
wtoaalll: walltowall
11
weertiahh: wherewithal

va
3
i: via
4
is: visa
iv: viva
5
odk: vodka
ill: villa
ulv: vulva
tis: vista
ogl: volga
iol: viola
uac: vacua
6
eron: verona
einn: vienna
tual: valuta
7
eradn: veranda
ialln: vanilla
8
aahlll: valhalla
riiign: virginia
rtiioc: victoria
eerrtb: vertebra
eettdn: vendetta

wk
3
o: wok
4
ee: week
ea: weak
al: walk
in: wink
ic: wick
ro: work
5
ahc: whack
rac: wrack
ish: whisk
era: wreak
erc: wreck
ehl: whelk
7
roalc: warlock
wroax: waxwork
eodlc: wedlock
8
iosdcn: windsock
roookb: workbook
weerok: workweek
wroood: woodwork
ooodcc: woodcock
9
errtaam: watermark
eriadbn: windbreak
eooflnm: womenfolk
10
werriokc: wickerwork
11
eertoahcc: weathercock

vh
8
quiasn: vanquish
eraadn: verandah
5
uoc: vouch
6
iasn: vanish
7
oaggn: vangogh
riasn: varnish

vi
8
rtuios: virtuosi

vl
4
ia: vial
ei: veil
ea: veal
io: viol
5
oac: vocal
ean: venal
yin: vinyl
weo: vowel
iig: vigil
tia: vital
ria: viral
6
erab: verbal
etas: vestal
aass: vassal
aadn: vandal
eess: vessel
eran: vernal
eian: venial
uias: visual
riig: virgil
7
ertan: ventral
rtuia: virtual
rtiio: vitriol
8
eeeran: venereal
riiagn: virginal
ertiaa: varietal
ertiac: vertical
eeufgn: vengeful
9
eerrtab: vertebral
etiiasg: vestigial
10
eyoalllb: volleyball
tiooaacn: vocational
11
rtiioaaan: variational
rtiioaabn: vibrational
12
eettioaagn: vegetational
16
eeertiiipasdcn: vicepresidential

vm
3
i: vim
5
eul: velum
eon: venom
6
uuac: vacuum
tiic: victim
eull: vellum
8
uiaadn: vanadium
ertiab: verbatim
9
ioaslcn: volcanism
iaasdln: vandalism
eryuios: voyeurism
uiaslcn: vulcanism
13
eertiiaasgn: vegetarianism
qertuiiosln: ventriloquism

wi
4
ad: wadi
6
tipa: wapiti

vn
3
a: van
4
ia: vain
ei: vein
5
eix: vixen
eag: vegan
6
iiol: violin
erim: vermin
iios: vision
ualc: vulcan
riig: virgin
7
tiiam: vitamin
eiosn: venison
erios: version
iiall: villain
eerta: veteran
tiaac: vatican
8
tiooac: vocation
etioax: vexation
tioaac: vacation
eetian: venetian
tiiool: volition
9
eriiolm: vermilion
tiiooal: violation
eeeetlv: velveteen
tuioaal: valuation
rtiioab: vibration
rtiioaa: variation
10
eertioan: veneration
eertiaag: vegetarian
tiioaadl: validation
eettioag: vegetation
ttiiioas: visitation
11
tiioaaccn: vaccination
tiiioadcn: vindication
etiioadlc: valediction
ettiioaln: ventilation
tiioaallc: vacillation
etiiioscv: vivisection
12
erttuiiopa: vituperation
ertiiioafc: verification
tiiooaaslc: vocalisation
rtiioopaas: vaporisation
tiiiioaflc: vilification
13
ttiiiioascm: victimisation
erttiiooasc: vectorisation
ertiiioasfc: versification
tuiiioaassl: visualisation

me
2
: me
4
ac: mace
ad: made
ak: make
al: male
an: mane
ik: mike
im: mime
il: mile
in: mine
ic: mice
az: maze
er: mere
tu: mute
ra: mare
ti: mite
ro: more
ri: mire
ta: mate
ol: mole
od: mode
us: muse
ul: mule
ov: move
op: mope
5
ert: metre
agn: mange
ian: maine
icn: mince
yop: myope
iov: movie
rti: mitre
uav: mauve
eel: melee
ikn: minke
erg: merge
uos: mouse
oos: moose
iaz: maize
idg: midge
tta: matte
ros: morse
pal: maple
asn: manse
yab: maybe
6
ialc: malice
ttua: mutate
uiss: misuse
ettl: mettle
aagn: manage
uddl: muddle
erag: meagre
uisc: miscue
iolb: mobile
ulzz: muzzle
tuin: minute
uslc: muscle
quos: mosque
qrua: marque
rtua: mature
ruog: morgue
ruan: manure
riag: mirage
ralb: marble
rian: marine
igln: mingle
iddl: middle
agln: mangle
quas: masque
aadm: madame
tiol: motile
eacn: menace
ulbm: mumble
uffl: muffle
uoss: mousse
tiov: motive
ipag: magpie
roon: monroe
eddl: meddle
eial: mealie
eian: meanie
uodl: module
roal: morale
roos: morose
taln: mantle
7
aabbn: mbabane
riisf: misfire
iissv: missive
iasnm: misname
tyips: mistype
eiagl: mileage
rioan: moraine
tualb: mutable
iahcn: machine
taadn: mandate
oolcn: monocle
iissl: missile
ruisl: misrule
aadnm: manmade
iidln: midline
aassg: massage
wiidf: midwife
etipa: meatpie
etaax: meataxe
etian: matinee
toagn: montage
etaan: manatee
etiad: mediate
aalcn: manacle
eassg: message
etasl: maltese
tuion: mountie
etahn: methane
taagn: magnate
rtiag: migrate
eagln: melange
iisgv: misgive
rtuix: mixture
etahc: machete
oalvb: movable
iaasl: malaise
rialc: miracle
yopal: maypole
riocb: microbe
iidfl: midlife
tiism: mistime
rtioc: mortice
eruas: measure
raacb: macabre
qerua: marquee
quaac: macaque
ialxb: mixable
rtios: mortise
oahln: manhole
tiask: mistake
uadnn: mundane
tiasd: misdate
rtaag: margate
iassv: massive
8
erophm: morpheme
etialm: mealtime
raassc: massacre
tuipll: multiple
ipaslc: misplace
iadlbn: mandible
uiisdg: misguide
etiadc: medicate
riaadn: marinade
qtyuis: mystique
tuiian: minutiae
rtuios: moisture
erabnm: membrane
ioodxn: monoxide
ttiial: militate
ruiacn: manicure
ttiiag: mitigate
ttioav: motivate
tooonn: monotone
etianm: meantime
ooosgn: mongoose
eruign: meringue
qtuios: misquote
tuashc: mustache
roagvn: mangrove
rioosn: moonrise
etyagb: megabyte
rtoagg: mortgage
riophn: morphine
iiisnm: minimise
rioasl: moralise
iaallb: mailable
uisdgj: misjudge
ttuial: mutilate
eriosm: memorise
raadkn: mandrake
iialnn: mainline
ipalcn: manciple
erahcn: menarche
rriaag: marriage
uoasdh: madhouse
ertoad: moderate
iaagzn: magazine
iiasxm: maximise
euollc: molecule
rtiaan: marinate
rtiiam: maritime
euasss: masseuse
ooopln: monopole
iioslb: mobilise
tuoadl: modulate
eriodc: mediocre
iislcb: miscible
eoalvb: moveable
riiagn: migraine
ppaalb: mappable
ettiad: meditate
eiidcn: medicine
9
ttuuidl: multitude
iaasgnm: mismanage
eiaslcn: mescaline
eiashcn: mechanise
iooshnn: moonshine
ettiagn: magnetite
eeriagn: menagerie
rtuiian: miniature
ertoagg: mortgagee
aadhlnn: manhandle
eruoavn: manoeuvre
riaafnm: mainframe
ettiosl: mistletoe
tuoashc: moustache
eriosdn: modernise
iashkkl: milkshake
tiaahlc: malachite
uuislcn: minuscule
etiosln: milestone
uooogln: monologue
eopaghn: megaphone
erttoaj: majorette
eetyhln: methylene
eiashvb: misbehave
eriaslb: miserable
eroalbm: memorable
tioslln: millstone
eaalllb: malleable
uiaslcn: masculine
ertoonm: metronome
oopalnn: monoplane
etoadhn: methadone
tuoalbn: mountable
rtiookb: motorbike
euopasn: menopause
taahlcb: matchable
rriaagn: margarine
rtooadc: motorcade
raaadlm: marmalade
eiipdll: millipede
iashccn: mischance
tuiadgn: magnitude
eerttio: meteorite
riaacbn: mainbrace
eiazznn: mezzanine
rioodcc: microcode
eiaddgl: middleage
iasdhln: mishandle
weiahln: meanwhile
etiasgn: magnetise
wrioacv: microwave
eaasgnn: manganese
euioskl: mouselike
10
rioopscc: microscope
etioaslb: metabolise
rttiaasg: magistrate
etiiohnn: methionine
eeropssh: mesosphere
rtiaagln: martingale
ertiosnn: minestrone
ertiillm: millimetre
rtuiosfn: misfortune
etuiophc: mouthpiece
ettaaslb: metastable
ropaaghc: macrophage
erttioan: marionette
ettiiadv: meditative
eruaaslb: measurable
tooaslbn: monostable
ertialcn: mercantile
rooohcnm: monochrome
rtyoolcc: motorcycle
iioadflb: modifiable
eeosddlm: meddlesome
yioaasnn: mayonnaise
eaaaglbn: manageable
rioophcn: microphone
riiofhcc: microfiche
tuipashl: multiphase
rtuiioss: moisturise
ruioasdl: modularise
tuipaaln: manipulate
ertaaklb: marketable
iooopsln: monopolise
ettioasn: maisonette
qeruaasd: masquerade
11
ertpaaklc: marketplace
eertipasc: masterpiece
eetipalcn: mantelpiece
rtipaalcc: malpractice
etioalbnn: mentionable
rtuuaafcn: manufacture
rtuiiiasn: miniaturise
eriasdhcn: merchandise
iioasllbb: mobilisable
erttooshb: motherstobe
rriiaasgc: miscarriage
eeoallcvn: malevolence
rttuiaalc: matriculate
rtiopashn: misanthrope
riiioalln: millionaire
rtuuuaslc: musculature
riiaasgln: marginalise
ertiiaasl: materialise
euiifccnn: munificence
tipaaadlv: maladaptive
rtuuoolcn: monoculture
etiaacnnn: maintenance
uipaallbn: manipulable
12
erriaaaglb: marriageable
tuiaasllcc: miscalculate
eiaashlcbn: mechanisable
tiiaaalbnn: maintainable
ertoopashm: metamorphose
yooaslllbn: monosyllable
ertuiasdvn: misadventure
tuiioasdnn: mountainside
eruoaalvbn: manoeuvrable
eiiafgccnn: magnificence
ertaahlcbn: merchantable
etuaaaggln: metalanguage
eeioasdllm: mademoiselle
ertoaagglb: mortgageable
tuiipaalvn: manipulative
13
eertopasghn: magnetosphere
werioaalcvb: microwaveable
14
ttuiiipallcv: multiplicative
15
eeriipassdcvn: manicdepressive

md
3
a: mad
i: mid
u: mud
o: mod
4
oo: mood
el: meld
en: mend
ea: mead
ol: mold
il: mild
in: mind
ia: maid
5
eop: moped
ean: maned
eet: meted
etu: muted
eoo: mooed
uon: mound
eta: mated
weo: mowed
eov: moved
eix: mixed
uol: mould
eim: mimed
eri: mired
eus: mused
ein: mined
6
etin: minted
eroo: moored
eedn: mended
eidn: minded
eoan: moaned
erra: marred
eisl: misled
erak: marked
eull: mulled
etoo: mooted
eill: milled
eiss: missed
etoh: method
erti: mitred
euff: muffed
etis: misted
eiam: maimed
eask: masked
eual: mauled
eann: manned
eash: mashed
etas: masted
riad: madrid
ryia: myriad
etal: malted
etoa: moated
eass: massed
etta: matted
eobb: mobbed
eikl: milked
eukc: mucked
eerg: merged
riob: morbid
eetl: melted
eugg: mugged
eopp: mopped
riol: milord
eppa: mapped
eokc: mocked
eesh: meshed
eess: messed
eial: mailed
eicn: minced
7
eulbm: mumbled
euslc: muscled
euhcn: munched
euiss: misused
eeyon: moneyed
euddl: muddled
ettua: mutated
eulzz: muzzled
ertua: matured
euffl: muffled
eaagn: managed
rtuas: mustard
ertoo: motored
raall: mallard
eagln: mangled
iiasl: mislaid
eralb: marbled
etahc: matched
erahc: marched
euidd: muddied
eiasl: mislead
etuoh: mouthed
ooahn: manhood
iadln: midland
etaln: mantled
etuol: moulted
euodl: moulded
etuon: mounted
eeisd: misdeed
etuin: minuted
tioas: mastoid
erias: misread
iaknn: mankind
ettol: mottled
eruon: mourned
eeacn: menaced
eigln: mingled
euodn: mounded
erria: married
eeddl: meddled
eeert: metered
eriam: mermaid
eerti: merited
eruan: manured
8
ertiag: migrated
etuiin: mutinied
eiisfl: misfield, misfiled
rioagl: marigold
etaadn: mandated
eetiad: mediated
errrio: mirrored
ioafln: manifold
iiaklm: milkmaid
eiiodf: modified
eiasnm: misnamed
erruum: murmured
eiidfl: midfield
eaalcn: manacled
eeaddn: maddened
eerrud: murdered
eiagln: maligned
eaassg: massaged
eriash: misheard
ioplln: millpond
eiahcn: machined
eetall: metalled
eerttu: muttered
ruiobn: moribund
etioon: motioned
eeyokn: monkeyed
weeidl: mildewed
eipssn: misspend
eertta: mattered
iaalnn: mainland
ruuadg: mudguard
eertoh: mothered
etaash: masthead
eiaszn: mansized
eertus: mustered
errtya: martyred
eeruas: measured
eertas: mastered
eoolcn: monocled
rooaln: moorland
eerann: mannered
eiikcm: mimicked
weeoll: mellowed
eeodll: modelled
erooan: marooned
eriisf: misfired
etiism: mistimed
etyips: mistyped
eetosl: molested
eertak: marketed
9
eeriosm: memorised
euiifmm: mummified
eetiosn: moistened
ettiiag: mitigated
euiisdg: misguided
ettuial: mutilated
ertoagg: mortgaged
ettiial: militated
eerallv: marvelled
eiiofll: mollified
eettiad: meditated
eraassc: massacred
eiiisnm: minimised
eiiasxm: maximised
eruiacn: manicured
eiiafgn: magnified
euiolln: mullioned
ertioon: monitored
raashln: marshland
ertioos: motorised
qetuios: misquoted
etyiisf: mystified
eeiifln: minefield
eetionn: mentioned
ertiiof: mortified
eiioslb: mobilised
erioasl: moralised
euisdgj: misjudged
ertiaan: marinated
ettioav: motivated
eertoad: moderated
eroaflm: malformed
eetiadc: medicated
eeeradn: meandered
eipaslc: misplaced
etuoadl: modulated
10
weoaadln: meadowland
etoahllb: mothballed
eetiasgn: magnetised
eaadhlnn: manhandled
etiiaann: maintained
etuiipll: multiplied
eeipssll: misspelled
erriiasc: miscarried
eerttias: mistreated
eeriosdn: modernised
eeiashvb: misbehaved
eeiashcn: mechanised
eerttaal: maltreated
eertiisn: ministered
eeerissm: mesmerised
eeiaddgl: middleaged
ertooohh: motherhood
eiaasgnm: mismanaged
eruooshm: mushroomed
werioacv: microwaved
ertiipsn: misprinted
eiiasgln: misaligned
eetiasfn: manifested
eettyahl: methylated
ertoahln: motherland
etiashcm: mismatched
eraashll: marshalled
erttuiss: mistrusted
etuioscn: miscounted
rrioaafc: microfarad
etuoashc: moustached
eetiasll: metallised
eiasdhln: mishandled
eeruoavn: manoeuvred
ertiasnm: mastermind
11
riiogkcbn: mockingbird
eetuipllx: multiplexed
eiooopsln: monopolised
eeuiisdzm: mediumsized
ertiiiasl: militarised
eyiaassln: misanalysed
eeriiasln: mineralised
eruioasdl: modularised
eiiosllcn: millisecond
erioosccn: microsecond
eeiisddlz: middlesized
qeeruaasd: masqueraded
erooagnmm: monogrammed
eriiosfnm: misinformed
etuaasdjl: maladjusted
eetioaslb: metabolised
eertiisdc: misdirected
eeiaslllb: mislabelled
errtooahb: motherboard
etuipaaln: manipulated
12
erttuiaalc: matriculated
errryuoogn: merrygoround
eruioashln: malnourished
eeriopaghm: mimeographed
etyioosghl: mythologised
eruopassdc: massproduced
ertuuaafcn: manufactured
eertiiaasl: materialised
eeiiosccvn: misconceived
eertiasdnm: masterminded
ertuiiiasn: miniaturised
eriiaasgln: marginalised
ertuiosscn: misconstrued
eeriadlnnm: mildmannered
13
erttiaassln: mistranslated
eertoopashm: metamorphosed
etuiaasllcc: miscalculated
etiiioopssn: mispositioned
ertuioossdn: misunderstood
ertuiassdnn: misunderstand
etuioaflcnn: malfunctioned
eruioopscnn: mispronounced
eeeerrisbmm: misremembered
ertuuioollc: multicoloured
eiiiasssflc: misclassified
14
eeeerrtipssn: misrepresented
eeerrttiipsn: misinterpreted
15
errtiiopppaas: misappropriated
eeeriopsdhcnm: miscomprehended
eertiooaddfhl: middleoftheroad

mg
3
a: mag
u: mug
6
iixn: mixing
iinm: miming
iinn: mining
iakn: making
wion: mowing
iopn: moping
tian: mating
wein: mewing
ioon: mooing
iovn: moving
uisn: musing
tuin: muting
7
ioann: moaning
iobbn: mobbing
eishn: meshing
tiinn: minting
tiisn: misting
uiggn: mugging
ioonn: mooning
riakn: marking
iokcn: mocking
iikln: milking
iissn: missing
rioon: mooring
iidnn: minding
iianm: maiming
eetin: meeting
ippan: mapping
uilln: mulling
iaskn: masking
iannn: manning
uikcn: mucking
uialn: mauling
iilln: milling
eiann: meaning
eidnn: mending
iialn: mailing
ioppn: mopping
iicnn: mincing
eissn: messing
tuasn: mustang
ttian: matting
rrian: marring
rionn: morning
iassn: massing
tialn: malting
etiln: melting
iashn: mashing
erign: merging
8
tuiohn: mouthing
tuionn: mounting
iiosdn: misdoing
eiddln: meddling
rtioon: motoring
tiahcn: matching
tuioln: moulting
uiffln: muffling
uihcnn: munching
iaglnn: mangling
tialnn: mantling
riahcn: marching
ruionn: mourning
iiglnn: mingling
uihlcn: mulching
rryian: marrying
uiddln: muddling
eertin: metering
uiodln: moulding
uilbnm: mumbling
ruiann: manuring
yuiddn: muddying
iaagnn: managing
rtuian: maturing
iiddln: middling
uiissn: misusing
eiacnn: menacing
uislcn: muscling
ttuian: mutating
ertiin: meriting
uilzzn: muzzling
9
ertiohn: mothering
eyioknn: monkeying
ruiaadn: marauding
riooann: marooning
rruuinm: murmuring
iaassgn: massaging
tiiaskn: mistaking
eiassgn: messaging
eiaddnn: maddening
etiosln: molesting
yiiodfn: modifying
iiaglnn: maligning
tiaadnn: mandating
erttuin: muttering
rtiiagn: migrating
tiioonn: motioning
eiodlln: modelling
rrriion: mirroring
ertiasn: mastering
erruidn: murdering
ertuisn: mustering
eruiasn: measuring
iiikcnm: mimicking
etiiadn: mediating
ertiakn: marketing
erttian: mattering
tyiipsn: mistyping
iiisgvn: misgiving
weiolln: mellowing
10
rtyiiofn: mortifying
ertioadn: moderating
eriiashn: mishearing
eriiosnm: memorising
etiionnn: mentioning
eriiasdn: misreading
ttuiialn: mutilating
iiiasxnm: maximising
eiiasdln: misdealing, misleading
riiodnnm: midmorning
iiiisnnm: minimising
riioasln: moralising
riaasscn: massacring
tiiasscn: miscasting
tuioadln: modulating
eeiidvnn: midevening
ttiioavn: motivating
rtiioonn: monitoring
etiiosnn: moistening
ttiiishn: mishitting
qtuiiosn: misquoting
eriallvn: marvelling
rtioaggn: mortgaging
ttiiialn: militating
iipaslcn: misplacing
ettiiadn: meditating
yiiafgnn: magnifying
eeriadnn: meandering
riipasnn: mainspring
iiioslbn: mobilising
uiisdgjn: misjudging
tyyiisfn: mystifying
yiiopscn: miscopying
ttiiiagn: mitigating
eruiodln: mouldering
11
ertiiisnn: ministering
eriiosdnn: modernising
etiiasfnn: manifesting
erryiaknm: merrymaking
rtiiipsnn: misprinting
eiipsslln: misspelling
eruioavnn: manoeuvring
erttiiasn: mistreating
iiasdhlnn: mishandling
iaadhlnnn: manhandling
tyuiiplln: multiplying
rryiiascn: miscarrying
eiiashvbn: misbehaving
tiaahkcnm: matchmaking
ttiiaascn: masticating
eriiaglnn: malingering
rttuiissn: mistrusting
tiiashcnm: mismatching
eeriissnm: mesmerising
riaashlln: marshalling
ruiooshnm: mushrooming
eiiashcnn: mechanising
tuiioscnn: miscounting
tiiiaannn: maintaining
12
tiiooghlnn: moonlighting
ertiiisdcn: misdirecting
iiodgglbnn: mindboggling
wertioakln: metalworking
iiooopslnn: monopolising
rtyioolccn: motorcycling
rtuiiiossn: moisturising
etuiipllxn: multiplexing
ruiioasdln: modularising
tuiipaalnn: manipulating
riiioflcnm: microfilming
qeruiaasdn: masquerading
erttuiasnn: menstruating
13
werttuioahn: mouthwatering
rtuiiiiasnn: miniaturising
rttuiiaalcn: matriculating
ertiiasdnnm: masterminding
ruiopassdcn: massproducing
riiiaasglnn: marginalising
eriiasdhcnn: merchandising
ertiiiaasln: materialising
rtuuiaafcnn: manufacturing
14
ruiioopscnnn: mispronouncing
eeerriisbnmm: misremembering
tuiioaflcnnn: malfunctioning
eiiiasfhkcnm: mischiefmaking
eertuiioannn: mountaineering
rttiiaasslnn: mistranslating
15
ertuiiopsslcn: multiprocessing
eerrttiiipsnn: misinterpreting
eeerrtiipssnn: misrepresenting
16
rrtuiiopaglnmm: multiprogramming
ertuiiassddnnn: misunderstanding

mf
4
uf: muff
5
tio: motif
6
iass: massif
eysl: myself
7
tiasf: mastiff
riidf: midriff
8
eiishc: mischief
11
eetashlln: mantelshelf

ma
4
yn: myna
ya: maya
eg: mega
am: mama
ra: mara
ic: mica
5
agm: magma
ian: mania
ecc: mecca
ann: manna
iaf: mafia
abm: mamba
alv: malva
eid: media
tal: malta
ria: maria
6
iinm: minima
iosm: mimosa
iaxm: maxima
ialn: manila
uosc: mucosa
yiop: myopia
rian: marina
eusd: medusa
iasm: miasma
rtan: mantra
7
taahm: mahatma
ruakz: mazurka
tiiil: militia
etagn: magenta
eriad: madeira
rioph: morphia
raasl: marsala
riaal: malaria
eadln: mandela
raasc: mascara
eudll: medulla
8
iaalmm: mammalia
eoalnm: melanoma
eiasgn: magnesia
yiaasl: malaysia
ioasln: monalisa
tiassn: mantissa
ioajlc: majolica
uoassk: moussaka
ioagln: magnolia
9
eroadlm: melodrama
eroadnm: memoranda
eiillnn: millennia
ruiaajn: marijuana
iooannm: monomania
10
etuiidlm: multimedia
riiaagln: marginalia
11
eioaaglnm: megalomania
eioahllcn: melancholia
eriioalbm: memorabilia
eeiasllcn: miscellanea
12
rtiioodhcn: mitochondria

mc
3
a: mac
5
iim: mimic
iag: magic
ian: manic
eid: medic
uis: music
6
ioas: mosaic
erti: metric
tyis: mystic
iaan: maniac
yiop: myopic
tyih: mythic
7
rioon: moronic
uosll: mollusc
ioasn: masonic
etiio: meiotic
etiim: mimetic
eiodl: melodic
ioadn: monadic
yiagl: myalgic
8
eertio: meteoric
eionnm: mnemonic
tioasn: monastic
tiaagm: magmatic
riiocb: microbic
eioosz: mesozoic
etiall: metallic
erruic: mercuric
etiasj: majestic
eerism: mesmeric
eiahcn: mechanic
etiagn: magnetic
9
erioonm: monomeric
tiooonn: monotonic
etyionm: metonymic
etioalb: metabolic
rioahcn: monarchic
10
ertiopah: metaphoric
etiioshl: mesolithic
etiiaghl: megalithic
tiioohln: monolithic
eerttiio: meteoritic
rtiioasl: moralistic
iooophnn: monophonic
eerpaasg: megaparsec
ertioonm: metronomic
etttiaas: metastatic
11
eioahllcn: melancholic
rioopaghn: monographic
tiioasshc: masochistic
errioophm: meromorphic
rtiiooacb: macrobiotic
ettiiasln: mentalistic
riioopscc: microscopic
rioopascc: macroscopic
etiiashcn: mechanistic
ertiopahm: metamorphic
ertiiosdn: modernistic
riioosccm: microcosmic
12
ertioaadlm: melodramatic
tiiiiaslnm: minimalistic
rttiiiiasl: militaristic
rtiiopashn: misanthropic
eioaaaglnm: megalomaniac
tyiiiossgn: misogynistic
ettiiooshn: monotheistic
yiooasllbn: monosyllabic
errttiioac: meritocratic
tiiooopsln: monopolistic
13
erttiiiaasl: materialistic
eertioopghn: morphogenetic
erioooaccnm: macroeconomic
rtioooahcnm: monochromatic
14
ettuiiiasgln: metalinguistic
15
eerrtiioolccn: microelectronic

mb
3
o: mob
7
iiacn: minicab

mm
3
u: mum
o: mom
4
ia: maim
5
aad: madam
iin: minim
iax: maxim
eod: modem
6
ioas: maoism
eyah: mayhem
euus: museum
euid: medium
uisl: muslim
uagn: magnum
7
riasx: marxism
uiaxm: maximum
uiinm: minimum
uiodc: modicum
8
ruoosh: mushroom
rooagn: monogram
riopsh: morphism
rioasl: moralism
eooabn: moonbeam
etuonm: momentum
9
riiosfn: misinform
tyiissc: mysticism
riooscc: microcosm
eriosdn: modernism
eiashcn: mechanism
riioflc: microfilm
euuoasl: mausoleum
eriasnn: mannerism
ertiasd: midstream
etiasgn: magnetism
ertoasl: maelstrom
euiasgn: magnesium
rooascc: macrocosm
rtuiofl: multiform
ioasshc: masochism
rrtyoad: martyrdom
riiagll: milligram
10
euiillnn: millennium
ertioasn: monetarism
etioaslb: metabolism
iiiaslnm: minimalism
rtiiiasl: militarism
eruoadnm: memorandum
rrtuiooa: moratorium
ertiaasn: mainstream
etiooshn: monotheism
eyuodlbn: molybdenum
11
eeeuidlvn: mendelevium
tiioasscn: monasticism
ertiiaasl: materialism
12
rrrioopagc: microprogram
ertiopashm: metamorphism
13
rriiooasgcn: microorganism
14
eriiiaasllnn: millenarianism
15
erttuiiaaslll: multilateralism
16
rttuuuiiaslllc: multiculturalism

ml
4
ea: meal
al: mall
ul: mull
il: mill
ia: mail
ua: maul
ra: marl
5
oad: modal
eod: model
roa: moral
rua: mural
ead: medal
eta: metal
uog: mogul
eto: motel
6
iass: missal
euss: mussel
eedn: mendel
aamm: mammal
oogn: mongol
tuua: mutual
erav: marvel
eian: menial
etyh: methyl
eiad: medial
etan: mantel, mental
uaan: manual
rtoa: mortal
eros: morsel
7
rtiaa: marital, martial
erogn: mongrel
eiadc: medical
uiasc: musical
iianm: minimal
uidfn: mindful
raash: marshal
ryoaa: mayoral
iaaxm: maximal
iaagc: magical
erian: mineral
riadn: mandril
etohn: menthol
eiasd: misdeal
8
ruoaan: monaural
rioaan: manorial
ertiac: metrical
eeiadv: medieval
ertiaa: material
eipssl: misspell
riaadg: madrigal
etoahn: methanol
riooan: monorail
etaalb: meatball
tyiasc: mystical
riadln: mandrill
iaaacn: maniacal
ertoan: montreal
eerakc: mackerel
ruuofn: mournful
erioam: memorial
tyiahc: mythical
eiohll: molehill
riaagn: marginal
ertaan: maternal
eruifc: merciful
riaaal: malarial
tuuofh: mouthful
iooanm: monomial
toahlb: mothball
rtuifh: mirthful
ertisn: minstrel
iiaasn: mainsail
tiooan: motional
euasdc: muscadel
9
ruipaas: marsupial
riioacb: microbial
ertuasf: masterful
ertuasn: menstrual
erruiac: mercurial
eiiadcn: medicinal
uiipacn: municipal
eeiaadv: mediaeval
10
eriioadn: meridional
erttaaas: metatarsal
oooalcnn: monoclonal
ryioaadc: myocardial
etuoannm: monumental
etioadhc: methodical
eetuillv: multilevel
ttuioaan: mutational
eiiallnn: millennial
eiaahccn: mechanical
euiafgnn: meaningful
eriaaagn: managerial
euopaasn: menopausal
11
ertiiaaln: matrilineal
ertiiiasn: ministerial
rtiioaanm: matrimonial
rioaahccn: monarchical
rttuuissf: mistrustful
ertiiaasg: magisterial
rrtiaaahc: matriarchal
rtuiiaalc: multiracial
uiooaglnn: monolingual
12
tuuiiaglln: multilingual
tyiooaghlc: mythological
ettiaaahcm: mathematical
ertiopaahc: metaphorical
rttuioaaan: maturational
etuiahlcnn: multichannel
ttiiooaavn: motivational
etyipaashc: metaphysical
erttuiaall: multilateral
13
ttuiioaalnn: multinational
eerrtoopafh: motherofpearl
riooopaghlc: morphological
ertuiaagllc: metallurgical
eriioaaglcn: mineralogical
rtiiooadhcn: mitochondrial
rttuuuiallc: multicultural
14
etioooadghlc: methodological
eertioooaglc: meteorological
15
eetuuoasskllc: musculoskeletal
riiioooaglccb: microbiological
ttuuiioaflcnn: multifunctional
16
etuiiioasdlnnm: multidimensional
21
ertyyiooaaaddghcnnm: magnetohydrodynamical

mo
3
o: moo
4
em: memo
on: mono
5
ert: metro
ahc: macho
rac: macro
agn: mango
tto: motto
ric: micro
6
erin: merino
eixc: mexico
tupa: maputo
oacn: monaco
7
eetnm: memento
etisz: mestizo
roocc: morocco
etagn: magneto
ertas: maestro
8
iashcm: machismo
qtuios: mosquito
9
etiasfn: manifesto
10
uuojbbmm: mumbojumbo
12
eroopaszzn: mezzosoprano

mn
3
a: man
e: men
4
oo: moon
ei: mien
wo: mown
ea: mean
oa: moan
ia: main
ro: morn
5
ial: milan
ruo: mourn
roo: moron
eol: melon
eos: meson
oas: mason
6
eidd: midden
eadm: madmen
erod: modern
eadd: madden
eram: merman
erta: marten
etti: mitten
etol: molten
uisl: muslin
iion: minion
eyil: myelin
eerm: mermen
rtia: martin
riag: margin
rtoa: matron
ttuo: mutton
aadm: madman
rioc: micron
iagl: malign
roac: macron
room: mormon
rooa: maroon
uiff: muffin
eiad: maiden, median
tioo: motion
7
rtiaa: martian
iiakn: manikin
etios: moisten
eiaxc: mexican
ioasn: mansion
iaalm: mailman
uiadl: maudlin
iaklm: milkman
etoag: megaton
eialn: melanin
iioss: mission
eialm: mailmen
erooh: moorhen
ooosn: monsoon
iioll: million
yaaal: malayan
etion: mention
eiklm: milkmen
8
iiaagc: magician
ioascc: moccasin
tooasd: mastodon
etiask: mistaken
riaadn: mandarin
eraskm: marksmen
eriiad: meridian
tiioon: monition
ioadln: mandolin
tuiion: munition
rtoaah: marathon
rooacc: moroccan
iiaghc: michigan
tiiaan: maintain
tuioan: mountain
rooaac: macaroon
wetodl: meltdown
eioskl: moleskin
ripaaz: marzipan
ttuioa: mutation
raaskm: marksman
woaadm: madwoman
uiiasc: musician
9
eeiddlm: middlemen
eioadll: medallion
eipassh: misshapen
qeuiann: mannequin
etiioad: mediation
tioaahl: malathion
ertoagn: magnetron
iaaalmm: mammalian
eettoah: motheaten
rtiioag: migration
etioaln: melatonin
uoasllc: molluscan
eiaddlm: middleman
10
ttiiioag: mitigation
tiiiaalm: militiaman
etiioadc: medication
rttuioaa: maturation
ttuiioal: mutilation
tuiooadl: modulation
ttiiooav: motivation
etiiialm: militiamen
iipasdhm: midshipman
ertiooad: moderation
ettiioad: meditation
euiaghcn: machinegun
rtuooagh: mouthorgan
11
rttuiiioc: micturition
erttiioac: metrication
eettiosgb: misbegotten
tuioaflcn: malfunction
tiioaahcn: machination
eertahcnm: merchantmen
ertaahcnm: merchantman
etioaaflc: malefaction
ttiioaasc: mastication
eriiaalln: millenarian
ettiooasl: molestation
12
rtiooaaflm: malformation
tiiioaasxm: maximisation
ertiiooasm: memorisation
tuiiopaaln: manipulation
ertiiiosdc: misdirection
qttuiiooas: misquotation
tiiiooadfc: modification
rttuiioaln: malnutrition
erttuioasn: menstruation
tuiiiolllm: multimillion
rttiiioasn: ministration
ertiooadfn: midafternoon
tiiiooaslb: mobilisation
tiiiioasnm: minimisation
erttioopal: metropolitan
13
rttuiioaalc: matriculation
etiioopsccn: misconception
tuiiioafcmm: mummification
ettiioaasfn: manifestation
ettiiaaahcm: mathematician
eetiioasgcn: miscegenation
ettiioaasgn: magnetisation
tiiioaafgcn: magnification
ttuuiioflcn: multifunction
ertiiooasdn: modernisation
etiioaashcn: mechanisation
rttiiiooafc: mortification
ttyiiioasfc: mystification
14
tiiioppaaslc: misapplication
rtuiiooaasdl: modularisation
rttiioaassln: mistranslation
tiioooopasln: monopolisation
ertiiioaasln: mineralisation
rtiiiooasfnm: misinformation
tuiioaasllcc: miscalculation
ttuiiiopallc: multiplication
rttiiiioaasl: militarisation
15
rtiiioaaasgln: marginalisation
eeriioppasshn: misapprehension
erttiiioaaasl: materialisation
rttuiiiioaasn: miniaturisation
16
rtuiiiooasfgcn: misconfiguration
rtuiiioopascnn: mispronunciation
rrtiiioopppaas: misappropriation
17
ettiiiiioasdfcn: misidentification
eeerrttiiopassn: misrepresentation
eerrtttiiiopasn: misinterpretation
rttiiioaaasdlnm: maladministration

mi
8
roaacn: macaroni
ruioss: missouri
4
ax: maxi
id: midi
ag: magi
in: mini
5
iam: miami
roa: maori
tuf: mufti
6
eusl: muesli
uodl: moduli
waal: malawi
7
rtian: martini
ioasf: mafiosi

mh
4
ty: myth
us: mush
to: moth
as: mash
es: mesh
uc: much
ta: math
5
rac: march
tuo: mouth
rti: mirth
ton: month
ras: marsh
rry: myrrh
tac: match
rop: morph
ulc: mulch
ucn: munch
6
uicn: munich
uall: mullah
iosd: modish
7
toamm: mammoth
eiass: messiah
iosbb: mobbish
eroan: menorah
ioskn: monkish
wiask: mawkish
roacn: monarch
8
tiooln: monolith
tiascm: mismatch
iosfkn: monkfish
etiagl: megalith
9
tioascn: macintosh
rrtiaac: matriarch
wtuoash: mouthwash
tiiolln: millionth
roopagn: monograph
10
tioaskcn: mackintosh
rriopagc: micrograph
12
tttuuooohm: mouthtomouth

mk
4
on: monk
ru: murk
ee: meek
oc: mock
us: musk
as: mask
ra: mark
in: mink
uc: muck
il: milk
5
uaz: muzak
7
eofln: menfolk
tioos: mistook
weeid: midweek
8
eriacv: maverick
9
wertoal: metalwork
10
ttiashcc: matchstick
werrtoas: masterwork

mu
2
: mu
4
en: menu
6
uaam: maumau
eiil: milieu
eras: maseru

mt
3
a: mat
e: met
4
oo: moot
el: melt
tu: mutt
us: must
ee: meet
is: mist
ti: mitt
ea: meat
al: malt
oa: moat
as: mast
ra: mart
in: mint
il: milt
ro: mort
os: most
ta: matt
5
ean: meant
ios: moist
eri: merit
uon: mount
uol: moult
isd: midst
eto: motet
igh: might
6
ioas: maoist
eidg: midget
oasc: mascot
eonm: moment
tuan: mutant
iisf: misfit
oagg: maggot
eagn: magnet
eull: mullet
erak: market
eosl: molest
eill: millet
eers: merest
roam: marmot
eusk: musket
eosd: modest
eall: mallet
uasc: muscat
roaz: mozart
euin: minuet
7
eiasz: maziest
uahnn: manhunt
roadn: mordant
eeasn: meanest
riasx: marxist
iassc: miscast
easdd: maddest
eeesk: meekest
riagn: migrant
iosdm: midmost
iooln: moonlit
erian: minaret
eisdl: mildest
eisdn: mindset
8
etuiss: mustiest
tiialn: militant
eiosss: mossiest
ertian: martinet
eipssn: misspent
eipssl: misspelt
etiosl: motliest
eroasm: marmoset
ertias: mistreat
oooshn: moonshot
eetias: meatiest
etuisn: minutest
eiasln: manliest
rioodc: microdot
eiiskl: milkiest
uioscn: miscount
etiiss: mistiest
euisdd: muddiest
ertaal: maltreat
rioasl: moralist
euissk: muskiest
eoaglv: megavolt
eioosd: moodiest
eerris: merriest
rtioos: motorist
eiopsl: milepost
erahcn: merchant
eiasfn: manifest
wetaag: megawatt
ioashl: mailshot
eeisss: messiest
riipsn: misprint
euonnm: monument
eeovnm: movement
eruisk: murkiest
etiisn: mintiest
iidghn: midnight
rtuiss: mistrust
9
riiiskn: miniskirt
eiashcn: mechanist
iiashcn: machinist
eriosdn: modernist
iooghln: moonlight
iidfghl: midflight
eriasnn: mannerist
weiidkc: midwicket
eriisdc: misdirect
eeiacnm: mincemeat
eerrinm: merriment
eiasfhn: mineshaft
etiisgh: mightiest
eiasfhk: makeshift
eiasdll: medallist
eriassh: marshiest
euiosdl: mouldiest
eiadcnn: mendicant
iaaglnn: malignant
eriascn: miscreant
rioaadl: maladroit
ioasshc: masochist
10
uiosdccn: misconduct
ertioasn: monetarist
eeaagnnm: management
riioghlc: microlight
etiooshn: monotheist
iooopsln: monopolist
iiiaslnm: minimalist
yiiossgn: misogynist
ruipascn: manuscript
etoalcnn: malcontent
rioashcn: monarchist
eraasvnn: manservant
weeiaghk: makeweight
eeoallvn: malevolent
rtiiiasl: militarist
euiifcnn: munificent
11
euisdgjnm: misjudgment
eeiiasdlv: medievalist
eriaasdvn: maidservant
rtuiiiasn: miniaturist
eiiafgcnn: magnificent
eeeruasnm: measurement
ertiiaasl: materialist
12
eeipaslcnm: misplacement
eettiassnm: misstatement
eerrtiipsn: misinterpret
uiioossglc: musicologist
eerttiasnm: mistreatment
eiiasglnnm: misalignment
qeuioaglnn: magniloquent
riioopsscc: microscopist
eeerripssn: misrepresent
eeuisdgjnm: misjudgement
erttoaaffc: matteroffact
ertuiasgll: metallurgist
weeiiddghl: middleweight
eerttaalnm: maltreatment
rtyiooslcc: motorcyclist
13
etuaasdjlnm: maladjustment
eeiaasgnnmm: mismanagement
eertiooosgl: meteorologist
eeriosgvnnm: misgovernment
14
riiiooosglcb: microbiologist
eruioashlnnm: malnourishment

mw
3
a: maw
e: mew
o: mow
4
eo: meow
5
aac: macaw
6
rroo: morrow
eoad: meadow
rroa: marrow
eidl: mildew
eoll: mellow
oall: mallow
oosc: moscow
ionn: minnow
7
uodfl: mudflow
ettah: matthew
11
roaashllm: marshmallow
ertioahln: motherinlaw
12
ertioashln: mothersinlaw

mp
3
a: map
o: mop
5
uix: mixup
6
aadc: madcap
euak: makeup
yaah: mayhap
uokc: mockup
ruak: markup
iash: mishap
7
iisdh: midship
rtaan: mantrap
9
ertuoas: mousetrap
riiohcc: microchip
10
ertiassh: mastership
eerishbm: membership
11
eriaasghn: managership
12
riaasshknm: marksmanship
uiiiasshcn: musicianship

ms
2
: ms
3
a: mas
r: mrs
4
oo: moos
we: mews
ag: mags
wo: mows
is: miss
ob: mobs
oa: moas
um: mums
as: mass
pa: maps
ra: mars
ud: muds
om: moms
ug: mugs
op: mops
os: moss
es: mess
ta: mats
5
all: malls
ron: morns
tas: masts
usk: musks
ral: marls
edn: mends
rak: marks
ttu: mutts
uin: minus
tti: mitts
eto: motes
odl: molds
ual: mauls
tal: malts
eol: moles
tah: maths
iam: maims
ial: mails
ian: mains
eos: moses
iad: maids, midas
roo: moors
weo: meows
toh: moths
tis: mists
tin: mints
eop: mopes
eul: mules
tol: molts
okn: monks
toa: moats
yaa: mayas
uon: muons
eus: muses
eov: moves
ood: moods
eak: makes
tus: musts
tyh: myths
eal: males, meals
ukc: mucks
ean: manes, means
eac: maces
oon: moons
uff: muffs
oan: moans
okc: mocks
eaz: mazes
ask: masks
ikn: minks
uuc: mucus
ikl: milks
upm: mumps
ero: mores
eod: modes
aam: mamas
eet: meets
ill: mills
etu: mutes
eri: mires
idn: minds
eun: menus
eta: mates, meats
era: mares
eix: mixes
eik: mikes
eti: mites
eim: mimes
eil: miles
etl: melts
ein: mines
6
eidg: midges
eadl: medals
ryoa: mayors, morays
erti: merits, mitres
eidc: medics
erix: mixers
eris: misers
aagm: magmas
erak: makers
oasn: masons
erin: miners
etol: motels
eiss: misses
yaal: malays
tuon: mounts
uiss: missus
erov: movers
eush: mushes
epal: maples
eodm: modems
waac: macaws
eess: messes
uodl: moulds
ruon: mourns
iaan: manias
rion: minors
eiov: movies
eyon: moneys
eoln: melons
eopd: mopeds
eert: meters, metres
rtoo: motors
etal: metals
tohn: months
eass: masses
tigh: mights
aabm: mambas
yahn: mynahs
uipx: mixups
iaxm: maxims
etto: motets
aadm: madams
tian: mantis, matins
uogl: moguls
eixn: minxes
iicm: mimics
eesh: meshes
iagc: magics
eion: monies
tuol: moults
rual: murals
uodn: mounds
roon: morons
eiaz: maizes
iios: miosis
eerg: merges
raad: madras
eoss: mosses
wero: mowers
roaj: majors
tiof: motifs
eosn: mesons
roan: manors
uuoc: mucous
roal: molars, morals
roas: morass
eicn: minces
eodl: models
tuoh: mouths
7
wionn: minnows
eerdn: menders
rupak: markups
euiss: misuses
euoss: mousses
easdn: madness
euddl: muddles
erill: millers
uuodl: modulus
etall: mallets
eroan: moaners
eridn: minders
etosl: molests
rrrio: mirrors
weidl: mildews
eiolb: mobiles
toasc: mascots
euisn: minuses
iignn: minings
eerrg: mergers
euimm: mummies
tyisc: mystics
qeuos: mosques
eralb: marbles
etahc: matches
yiadd: middays
uiffn: muffins
tioon: motions
eralv: marvels
eussl: mussels
tiadn: mantids
eipag: magpies
ettin: mittens
eiddl: middles
erual: maulers
euiil: milieus
eruan: manures
uopkc: mockups
ioasc: mosaics
rruum: murmurs
euhcn: munches
erikl: milkers
erash: marshes
euisc: miscues
ertus: musters
eeial: mealies
eeian: meanies
eulzz: muzzles
erokc: mockers
ertua: matures
ttuon: muttons
weoll: mellows
eaddn: maddens
errak: markers
etidg: midgets
eagln: mangles
rtaan: mantras
roonm: mormons
tiisf: misfits
erosl: morsels
uisgn: musings
qeuas: masques
rtian: martins
erugg: muggers
etuin: minuets, minutes
tioas: maoists
rrtoa: mortars
euodl: modules
qerua: marques
eigln: mingles
erria: marries
etonm: moments
ttuan: mutants
wrroa: marrows
eeasl: measles
iagkn: makings
iassl: missals
ryiad: myriads
etiov: motives
ettua: mutates
eroal: morales
iagln: maligns
etusk: muskets
rrtya: martyrs
riaan: marinas
yoadn: mondays
rtoan: matrons
rtoam: marmots
rtoal: mortals
yyaad: maydays
toagg: maggots
aalmm: mammals
euidd: muddies
riocn: microns
eulbm: mumbles
euidm: mediums
uaaln: manuals
erihn: menhirs
etaln: mantles
ericn: mincers
iaacn: maniacs
oogln: mongols
erttu: mutters
euhlc: mulches
uahll: mullahs
eyokn: monkeys
ertta: matters
ipash: mishaps
eeddl: meddles
erahc: marches
erton: mentors
ertoh: mothers
eiphm: memphis
erogn: mongers
rooan: maroons
etagn: magnets
euusm: museums
eriom: memoirs
eeydl: medleys
eerbm: members
eeric: mercies
uiibn: minibus
eragn: mangers
rioah: mohairs
erppa: mappers
errud: murders
riagn: margins
eriag: mirages
etodh: methods
eaagn: manages
tiagn: matings
uagnm: magnums
iionn: minions
ertis: misters
erann: manners
tiios: mitosis
eiadn: maidens, medians
eerto: meteors
qruia: marquis
weoad: meadows
ertic: metrics
eiios: meiosis
ertas: masters
riidb: midribs
eeacn: menaces
ertan: martens
uislm: muslims
ertak: markets
euslc: muscles
eialc: malices
erian: marines
8
erogln: mongrels
eetian: matinees
ertosb: mobsters
ertosn: monsters
etaadn: mandates
eetiad: mediates
eoahln: manholes
eushcn: muchness
rtioon: monitors
raadll: mallards
etionn: mentions
eryoas: mayoress
eiadlv: maldives
eaalcn: manacles
etuagn: mutagens
roahcn: monarchs
erioan: moraines
eiadlc: medicals
qeruas: marquess
weiidv: midwives
eriash: mishears
eeradn: meanders
eroass: morasses
eoassl: molasses
etuiin: mutinies
uiolln: mullions
raasgh: marshgas
rtiagn: migrants
eeasnn: meanness
eiaxcn: mexicans
ioasnn: mansions
tuosgh: mugshots
eroohn: moorhens
uosllc: molluscs
eeriom: memories
etiask: mistakes
etiosn: moistens
errahc: marchers
riognn: mornings
eoosln: moonless
eeiagl: mileages
toahmm: mammoths
eaassg: massages
eeeskn: meekness
eruhcn: munchers
eiahcn: machines
eetahc: machetes
euiscn: meniscus
tioasd: mastoids
eruass: masseurs
etuion: mounties
wuodfl: mudflows
uiaslc: musicals
raashl: marshals
euisss: missuses
eruodl: moulders
tuadfl: mudflats
eeruas: measures
rtiaan: martians
ertiss: mistress
eeasln: maleness
tuahnn: manhunts
eeriis: miseries
eisdln: mildness, mindless
ertuix: mixtures
tuasgn: mustangs
eiiodf: modifies
eetusn: muteness
iiolln: millions
rtpaan: mantraps
ruadkl: mudlarks
iiossn: missions
rtiasx: marxists
eeillc: micelles
eeiodl: melodies
erruon: mourners
eiaadl: maladies
eeisdd: misdeeds
erialc: miracles
eetign: meetings
erialn: minerals
eetasl: meatless
eraagn: managers
easssl: massless
eiasdl: misleads
eerddl: meddlers
iiagnm: maimings
eriadm: mermaids
iipsdh: midships
etyips: mistypes
ooosnn: monsoons
ertiag: migrates
etipss: missteps
ertiac: matrices
etoagn: megatons, montages
ertian: minarets
iaddln: midlands
erttas: mattress
eruffl: mufflers
tuuion: mutinous
eroonm: monomers
ertiax: matrixes
qeerua: marquees
tiiial: militias
eiissv: missives
eriocb: microbes
eiissl: missiles
ttiias: mastitis
uigggn: muggings
qeuaac: macaques
rtoaad: matadors
ertios: mortises
eiagnn: meanings
ippagn: mappings
ertioc: mortices
eeassg: messages
rioogn: moorings
eruoph: morpheus
errian: mariners
etaagn: magnates
riagkn: markings
iiagln: mailings
eyiafl: mayflies
eriisf: misfires
9
eeiidcn: medicines
eeriosm: memorises
tiidghn: midnights
eerrttu: mutterers
eetyagb: megabytes
etaallb: meatballs
eoaalnm: melanomas
eeriokc: mockeries
eooopln: monopoles
iooalnm: monomials
eraassc: massacres
erruuod: murderous
etuissn: mustiness
euioodl: melodious
eertyis: mysteries
erioalm: memorials
riopshm: morphisms
rooaacn: macaroons
rrtooac: motorcars
eetialm: mealtimes
eooabnm: moonbeams
eetiasj: majesties
eipssll: misspells
ertisln: minstrels
rtioasl: moralists
ertopah: metaphors
eertuin: mutineers
eipaslc: misplaces
etiissn: mistiness
uiiascn: musicians
eetovnm: movements
eriilln: milliners
ioasccn: moccasins
eiohlll: molehills
tuiognn: mountings
ioadfln: manifolds
ettiial: militates
rioadgl: marigolds
riaadgl: madrigals
eeuasss: masseuses
eerrrud: murderers
eiahccn: mechanics
ettioav: motivates
eiiisnm: minimises
eeuollc: molecules
tuiionn: munitions
eriagln: maligners
iiadklm: milkmaids
uiglbnm: mumblings
tuuofhl: mouthfuls
ertoasm: marmosets
toooshn: moonshots
etuipll: multiples
toahllb: mothballs
rttioos: motorists
eiioslb: mobilises
eiocnnm: mnemonics
rtoaahn: marathons
etashlc: matchless
tiiaann: maintains
eiaagzn: magazines
eriiadn: meridians
eettiad: meditates
ertiisn: ministers
eeruign: meringues
etiohln: monthlies
etiasfn: manifests
etuonnm: monuments
ioaagln: magnolias
etyiisf: mystifies
eriiodf: modifiers
eriakcv: mavericks
tuioann: mountains
wettaag: megawatts
ttuioan: mutations
eriiagn: migraines
riaagln: marginals
rooadln: moorlands
eiadlbn: mandibles
wrtyooa: motorways
tioashl: mailshots
eerislc: merciless
rtiipsn: misprints
uiioalc: malicious
ruooshm: mushrooms
eeisssn: messiness
ttiialn: militants
rtooosc: motocross
ruuaddg: mudguards
ettiiag: mitigates
eerodll: modellers
erruaad: marauders
ertiaal: materials
riiallb: millibars
riaadnn: mandarins
rtuoosn: monstrous
ertishl: mirthless
eruiskn: murkiness
etyoocn: monocytes
etuoadl: modulates
eertosl: molesters
erriaag: marriages
ettuial: mutilates
tiaassn: mantissas
ertoagg: mortgages
eerophm: morphemes
eiaslnn: manliness
eiiofll: mollifies
eerabnm: membranes
etiossn: moistness
eroagvn: mangroves
ertahcn: merchants
eriosnm: misnomers
tyiaasn: mainstays
eiiasxm: maximises
ioadlnn: mandolins
eerrusd: murderess
eiiafgn: magnifies
tooasdn: mastodons
rttuiss: mistrusts
tioohln: monoliths
qetuios: misquotes
eioosdn: moodiness
uiodgln: mouldings
ertioad: mediators
euiisbn: minibuses
iiaagcn: magicians
qeettua: maquettes
eertoad: moderates
eeyosln: moneyless
etuoonm: momentous
etiopsl: mileposts
10
eiashcnm: mechanisms
roopaghn: monographs
erriaagn: margarines
etooosnn: moonstones
eeraasgn: manageress
eerttass: mattresses
ertyuios: mysterious
riiagllm: milligrams
eeerasgn: meagreness
ruoooadl: malodorous
eruoallv: marvellous
tyiipsgn: mistypings
eertisss: mistresses
etiasdll: medallists
ertiookb: motorbikes
eerruilb: mulberries
tioasshc: masochists
etiashcm: mismatches
ettiaass: metastasis
rruuignm: murmurings
eeruoavn: manoeuvres
riiophcc: microchips
etiiignn: meningitis
ertuiian: miniatures
euooogln: monologues
rttiooav: motivators
eeisddnn: mindedness
eriasshn: marshiness
euioadcn: mendacious
eeiashvb: misbehaves
ertiioal: molarities, moralities
ertiioaj: majorities
eetioslv: motiveless
ertiosdn: modernists
eeerttio: meteorites
eryooaln: monolayers
rttuopah: mouthparts
etuiadgn: magnitudes
etoahxcb: matchboxes
ertioopl: metropolis
eeroossn: moroseness
etuoashc: moustaches
tiiashcn: machinists
eertoagg: mortgagees
eriaafnm: mainframes
eetiosln: milestones
rrioagcm: micrograms
etuuiolc: meticulous
ertiiion: minorities
etioosln: motionless
ertuopas: mousetraps
etiioadl: modalities
eeerrtak: marketeers
eeuoagjl: megajoules
errtooad: moderators
erttuign: mutterings
etioslln: millstones
qeuiannn: mannequins
ruipaasl: marsupials
eiooopln: monopolies
eiashkkl: milkshakes
eerttoaj: majorettes
rtiioagn: migrations
tuoooonn: monotonous
ertiascn: miscreants
eertoshl: motherless
ertiiisn: ministries
tiiohlln: millionths
ruuioalc: miraculous
eroaadlm: melodramas
etiiiolb: mobilities
eiasdhln: mishandles
eioadlln: medallions
etuiipll: multiplies
eetuisnn: minuteness
eertoonm: metronomes
eeerssgn: messengers
eeertusk: musketeers
eriasnnm: mannerisms
eeiipdll: millipedes
werioacv: microwaves
eettaass: metastases
euuoaslm: mausoleums
ettuuidl: multitudes
iiisggvn: misgivings
erioahcn: monarchies
eeiidfln: minefields
uoooagnm: monogamous
11
rtioashcn: monarchists
ttiashkcc: matchsticks
euiioshcv: mischievous
tuuiooann: mountainous
tuiooadln: modulations
ettiooshn: monotheists
ertiaagln: martingales
ttiiooavn: motivations
eettioasn: maisonettes
eettiialn: mentalities
ttuiioaln: mutilations
uioaagnnm: magnanimous
eropaaghc: macrophages
eetioaslb: metabolises
tyiiossgn: misogynists
eetuiophc: mouthpieces
rtuipascn: manuscripts
eeeruassl: measureless
eeriiddfl: midfielders
eiasddllc: middleclass
eetaagnnm: managements
tyiooasxm: myxomatosis
etioaslbm: metabolisms
ertyoolcc: motorcycles
erttioasn: monetarists
ettoalcnn: malcontents
eerriagln: malingerers
qeeruaasd: masquerades
eeerriacn: mercenaries
eeripshbm: memberships
errtuiioo: meritorious
weiasshkn: mawkishness
weerriokn: mineworkers
tiiiaslnm: minimalists
ertoaaflc: malefactors
ertiiilll: millilitres
ertaasslc: masterclass
etioashcn: macintoshes
erioopscc: microscopes
euiaghcnn: machineguns
erttiaasg: magistrates
eeriissln: miserliness
erttiioal: mortalities
ertiiaann: maintainers
werrtoask: masterworks
eertiillm: millimetres
ertuiipll: multipliers
rriopaghc: micrographs
ettiioadn: meditations
eeriadgnn: meanderings
etyiooghl: mythologies
euuioflll: mellifluous
eerrtiocm: micrometers, micrometres
etiioadcn: medications
ertuiosfn: misfortunes
eerttioan: marionettes
eiaahlccn: mechanicals
errttioac: meritocrats
erioashcn: marchioness
tiooopsln: monopolists
eetuipllx: multiplexes
eiooopsln: monopolises
ettiaahcm: mathematics
etyipashc: metaphysics
eruoadnmm: memorandums
ertiooadn: moderations
erioophcn: microphones
eertioasn: monasteries
etuipaaln: manipulates
eeiasglnn: meaningless
12
eetiiasdlv: medievalists
eeiiasllcn: miscellanies
eertiiaasl: materialises
tooopghhnn: monophthongs
ertipaalcc: malpractices
weeeeripsn: minesweepers
ertuiopllx: multiplexors
errtuiioss: moisturisers
errtooadhb: motherboards
eriiaasgln: marginalises
rtuiopaaln: manipulators
eeetipalcn: mantelpieces
errtiiaahc: matriarchies
eertuioann: mountaineers
iiioassdgn: misdiagnosis
ertiaasdvn: maidservants
erriiaasgc: miscarriages
eruioagvnn: manoeuvrings
eeioahllcn: melancholies
eiipssglln: misspellings
tiioaahcnn: machinations
eerrtuiioc: meretricious
ettiooasln: molestations
erttiiaasl: materialists
ertuiiiasn: miniaturises
eruuosflnn: mournfulness
eeeraassgn: manageresses
eriiioalln: millionaires
erioosdccn: microseconds
rtuuiioafl: multifarious
eertioopsl: metropolises
wroaashllm: marshmallows
eeertuasnm: measurements
eeisssdlnn: mindlessness
eriiioassn: missionaries
etioaaflcn: malefactions
eiiaaglcnn: malignancies
eeertipasc: masterpieces
eertuipllx: multiplexers
etioashkcn: mackintoshes
ertuuaafcn: manufactures
tuioaflcnn: malfunctions
eeriaslnnn: mannerliness
eriooopghl: morphologies
eeeryodlnn: moneylenders
errioagcmm: microgrammes
eiiosdllcn: milliseconds
ertiopashn: misanthropes
13
rttyiooslcc: motorcyclists
eetuisdgjnm: misjudgements
tiiiooadfcn: modifications
errtuuaafcn: manufacturers
ertioopashm: metamorphosis
eeruioasdnm: misdemeanours
errryuoodgn: merrygorounds
etuiioasdnn: mountainsides
ertiiiosdcn: misdirections
eeerttoagnm: magnetometers
eioaaaglcnm: megalomaniacs
euiioasslcn: maliciousness
eetiooodghl: methodologies
erttiaassln: mistranslates
eerrttiipsn: misinterprets
ertuiiopcnm: minicomputers
rttiiioasnn: ministrations
eryioaaslcn: microanalyses
rtiooaaflnm: malformations
eeerrtipssn: misrepresents
tuiioossglc: musicologists
tuiiopaalnn: manipulations
eertoopashm: metamorphoses
eerioopsghn: morphogenesis
erttiioossn: monstrosities
eyooaslllbn: monosyllables
eeuioasllcn: miscellaneous
14
ertuiassddnn: misunderstands
eetyiopsshcm: metempsychosis
ettiioaasfnn: manifestations
eeruooallccm: macromolecules
eerttiooosgl: meteorologists
eruuioasslcn: miraculousness
ettuiiiipllc: multiplicities
eeuiasfglnnn: meaningfulness
tiiioaafgcnn: magnifications
ettiiaaahcnm: mathematicians
etuiiiipalcn: municipalities
ertiiooasdnn: modernisations
etiioopsccnn: misconceptions
rttiiopasshn: misanthropists
erioooacccnm: macroeconomics
ttuiioaallnn: multinationals
errtuioopccm: microcomputers
rriiooasgcnm: microorganisms
eeriiasfhkcm: mischiefmakers
15
rtiiiooosglcb: microbiologists
errriooopsscc: microprocessors
eeeiasssglnnn: meaninglessness
etyioaadgcnnm: magnetodynamics
ttuiiiopallcn: multiplications
tuiioaasllccn: miscalculations
eeuuiossfllln: mellifluousness
rttiioaasslnn: mistranslations
errtuioopsslc: multiprocessors
16
eeriioppasshnn: misapprehensions
eerrtiioolcccn: microelectronics
17
rtuiiioopascnnn: mispronunciations
ertuiiassddgnnn: misunderstandings
18
eerrtttiiiopasnn: misinterpretations
rryyiiooaddhccnm: microhydrodynamics
eeerrttiiopassnn: misrepresentations
20
ertyyiooaaddghcnnm: magnetohydrodynamics

mr
2
: mr
3
a: mar
4
oo: moor
5
eak: maker
weo: mower
eix: mixer
oan: manor
oal: molar
eis: miser
oaj: major
yoa: mayor
ion: minor
eta: mater
too: motor
eet: meter
eas: maser
eov: mover
eil: miler
ein: miner
6
eadl: medlar
eedn: mender
eidn: minder
eoan: moaner
eadd: madder
erak: marker
eton: mentor
eill: miller
etoh: mother
eihn: menhir
eebm: member
ettu: mutter
etis: mister
rrio: mirror
eual: mauler
eann: manner
eash: masher
eeek: meeker
ioah: mohair
etta: matter
eidl: milder
eeet: meeter
eikl: milker
erud: murder
eerg: merger
eagn: manger
eeti: metier
eeto: meteor
eetl: melter
eean: meaner
eugg: mugger
etus: muster
eiom: memoir
iiad: midair
eogn: monger
eppa: mapper
eokc: mocker
eiaz: mazier
etas: master
eial: mailer
rtoa: mortar
rtya: martyr
eicn: mincer
ruum: murmur
7
eoonm: monomer
uoadl: modular
euisk: muskier
euigg: muggier
euhcn: muncher
eeadn: meander
eetia: meatier
etios: moister
euiss: misuser
etiin: mintier
ertua: maturer
toaad: matador
euffl: muffler
etiis: mistier
eaagn: manager
eioss: mossier
etosb: mobster
eruik: murkier
eagln: mangler
euass: masseur
etahc: matcher
euidd: muddier
eiash: mishear
eerri: merrier
tioon: monitor
erian: mariner
iiabn: minibar
eulbm: mumbler
eiikl: milkier
etiol: motlier
eruon: mourner
eeiss: messier
etosn: monster
eeddl: meddler
erahc: marcher
etuis: mustier
etisn: minster
euodl: moulder
8
etaasg: megastar
etiigh: mightier
eeoakv: makeover
eiosnm: misnomer
eiilln: milliner
eiiodf: modifier
erruum: murmurer
eerrud: murderer
eetosl: molester
eaassg: massager
eetuin: mutineer
eerttu: mutterer
eerodn: moderner
eriash: marshier
rtooac: motorcar
etopah: metaphor
euiodl: mouldier
uuaslc: muscular
euiosn: monsieur
weeasn: menswear
eeuavn: maneuver
eiikcm: mimicker
weeoll: mellower
eeodll: modeller
eertak: marketer
etiisn: minister
eeroov: moreover
weopan: manpower
etioad: mediator
9
ettioad: meditator
eetoanm: manometer
eeetusk: musketeer
eiiafgn: magnifier
eeessgn: messenger
weyoafl: mayflower
euisdmm: midsummer
eeertak: marketeer
tuooadl: modulator
rtooagg: mortgagor
erioadl: mailorder
euoallc: molecular
ttiooav: motivator
eiiisnm: minimiser
uooalcn: monocular
eiiasxm: maximiser
wetiidn: midwinter
eyooaln: monolayer
ertooad: moderator
10
etoaaflc: malefactor
etaahkcm: matchmaker
etyuiall: multilayer
eertiocm: micrometer
eeriaddn: mindreader
etiiaann: maintainer
uiaadlbn: mandibular
eettuilm: multimeter
eeiiddfl: midfielder
etuiipll: multiplier
eraashll: marshaller
11
eetuioann: mountaineer
eetuipllx: multiplexer
eeeyodlnn: moneylender
eeerisbmm: misremember
weeeeipsn: minesweeper
etuiopllx: multiplexor
tuiopaaln: manipulator
tuuioollc: multicolour
ertuiioss: moisturiser
12
eeettoagnm: magnetometer
etuaasghln: manslaughter
eeuioasdnm: misdemeanour
ertuuaafcn: manufacturer
etuiiopcnm: minicomputer
eeettiodcn: minedetector
euiioashvb: misbehaviour
13
ertuioopccm: microcomputer
euoooallcnm: monomolecular
14
eruooaallccm: macromolecular
ertuioopsslc: multiprocessor
erriooopsscc: microprocessor
17
eeerttiioosdcnm: microdensitometer

vt
3
a: vat
e: vet
4
as: vast
en: vent
es: vest
ol: volt
5
iom: vomit
iis: visit
eal: valet
edl: veldt
ual: vault
6
eisl: vilest
eelv: velvet
aacn: vacant
eiol: violet
7
uiadc: viaduct
iiosl: violist
iaaln: valiant
riabn: vibrant
raagn: vagrant
riaan: variant
eiasn: vainest
euasg: vaguest
eradn: verdant
eioln: violent
eridc: verdict
8
eeehnm: vehement
ioaslc: vocalist
tiiasn: visitant
eruiln: virulent
eetsnm: vestment
uioscn: viscount
iiagln: vigilant
9
weiiopn: viewpoint
iiiosln: violinist
13
eeeriipsdcn: vicepresident
qertuiiosln: ventriloquist
uiooasgllcn: vulcanologist
14
etiiiiosscvn: vivisectionist

my
2
: my
3
a: may
4
az: mazy
ra: mary
an: many
5
aln: manly
ruk: murky
roa: moray
oss: mossy
ugg: muggy
rra: marry
odl: moldy
tal: malty
ush: mushy
uos: mousy
ess: messy
usk: musky
tis: misty
tin: minty
umm: mummy
adl: madly
ukc: mucky
ood: moody
amm: mammy
eal: mealy
ean: meany
tus: musty
udd: muddy
ikl: milky
err: merry
iss: missy
aal: malay
eon: money
eta: meaty
erc: mercy
6
erom: memory
etio: moiety
tosl: mostly
eedl: medley
oadn: monday
ialn: mainly
eris: misery
etol: motley
iadl: milady
tigh: mighty
iifn: minify
tuin: mutiny
yaad: mayday
iadd: midday
iasl: mislay
easl: measly
eerl: merely
rash: marshy
wiad: midway
ealn: meanly
etul: mutely
yafl: mayfly
eodl: melody
aadl: malady
euos: mousey
iodf: modify
eokn: monkey
rrua: murray
uodl: mouldy
eekl: meekly
idll: mildly
7
uifmm: mummify
tohln: monthly
ertys: mystery
tuisl: mustily
erruc: mercury
erokc: mockery
erisl: miserly
weidl: mildewy
riicm: mimicry
rrtya: martyry
etosd: modesty
ioodl: moodily
roall: morally
tyisf: mystify
raamm: mammary
etasj: majesty
iofll: mollify
eissl: messily
tiisl: mistily
rtiof: mortify
roasn: masonry
ertas: mastery
iafgn: magnify
erril: merrily
8
etuiln: minutely
errulb: mulberry
ioglvn: movingly
ertohl: motherly
rtiion: minority
tuuall: mutually
tiaasn: mainstay
tuipll: multiply
wyiakl: milkyway
yiosgn: misogyny
etosdl: modestly
eroosl: morosely
rtioaj: majority
tiighl: mightily
uaflln: manfully
etyonm: metonymy
roahcn: monarchy
rtoall: mortally
rtoaln: matronly
rrtuoa: mortuary
eeragl: meagrely
tooonn: monotony
ertual: maturely
wrtooa: motorway
uaalln: manually
eiadll: medially
eradkl: markedly
ooagnm: monogamy
tiiolb: mobility
rttuia: maturity
ttiiol: motility
rriasc: miscarry
tioadl: modality
rtiisn: ministry
eiadln: maidenly
eralnn: mannerly
etalln: mentally
rtioal: molarity, morality
ippasl: misapply
ertasl: masterly
rtiial: military
ooopln: monopoly
ertoan: monetary
iosdhl: modishly
uisgln: musingly
oaaghn: mahogany
riodlb: morbidly
9
rtiiodb: morbidity
iaallcn: manically
ertoasn: monastery
qerrtua: marquetry
eriilln: millinery
ertiodn: modernity
eiadllc: medically
tpaahlc: matchplay
tiiagln: malignity
uiasllc: musically
ertioad: mediatory
euadlnn: mundanely
weriidf: midwifery
iiallnm: minimally
rrtioag: migratory
eriahcn: machinery
etiadcn: mendacity
eriaslb: miserably
eroalbm: memorably
iogklcn: mockingly
tiialcn: militancy
rttioal: mortality
ertoanm: momentary
eiasslv: massively
iaallxm: maximally
eerracn: mercenary
ttuuial: mutuality
rtyoaal: mayoralty
iaagllc: magically
rtoaadn: mandatory
ettialn: mentality
tyooghl: mythology
erttian: maternity
rtioanm: matrimony
10
tuiiaslc: musicality
rioopscc: microscopy
riaaglln: marginally
rttiioag: mitigatory
rtuioadl: modularity
ttuiialb: mutability
etiaskln: mistakenly
riioassn: missionary
eiasllcn: miscellany
ruuoflln: mournfully
uioosglc: musicology
ertuagll: metallurgy
tuuiosln: mutinously
eertoadl: moderately
rtiiiall: militarily
rrtiaahc: matriarchy
eiaglcnn: menacingly
etiasfln: manifestly
rooopghl: morphology
eruaaslb: measurably
eruifllc: mercifully
ttiialln: militantly
ertaalln: maternally
ruiodlbn: moribundly
iaaglcnn: malignancy
ertiaall: materially
tiiialnm: minimality
ettoascm: mastectomy
eoahllcn: melancholy
ertiiodc: mediocrity
tyiasllc: mystically
tiiaalxm: maximality
ertiallc: metrically
eissdlln: mindlessly
yiopallc: myopically
erioagln: mineralogy
iaaallcn: maniacally
11
tiiaagnnm: magnanimity
rtuoossln: monstrously
eerissllc: mercilessly
rtuiiodbn: moribundity
uiioasllc: maliciously
tiaagllnn: malignantly
euiisddgl: misguidedly
eertooogl: meteorology
ertioalnm: momentarily
ertisshll: mirthlessly
rtiopashn: misanthropy
erruuosdl: murderously
ertuasfll: masterfully
eioadlllc: melodically
eiaddglnn: maddeningly
rtuuiaslc: muscularity
etooodghl: methodology
euioosdll: melodiously
rttioossn: monstrosity
errtioacc: meritocracy
erttiiaal: materiality
rtiiaagln: marginality
tuiiaslcn: masculinity
12
etiiaalllb: malleability
ttuiiipllc: multiplicity
etiaagllcn: magnetically
eruoaslllv: marvellously
etioadhllc: methodically
etuuiosllc: meticulously
tuiiipalcn: municipality
etioosslln: motionlessly
etuiiflcnn: munificently
eetoalllvn: malevolently
rrtiioagcv: microgravity
uoooasglnm: monogamously
eiaahllccn: mechanically
etiaasjllc: majestically
etuoallnnm: monumentally
eiiasdglln: misleadingly
riioooglcb: microbiology
errruiosgc: microsurgery
eioallcnnm: mnemonically
eriaaaglln: managerially
euiafgllnn: meaningfully
ttiiooocnn: monotonicity
tuooooslnn: monotonously
ertyuiossl: mysteriously
ruuioasllc: miraculously
eettiiadlv: meditatively
13
tiioaasgnnm: magnanimosity
etiiafglcnn: magnificently
rtiioaallnm: matrimonially
euuiosfllll: mellifluously
rttuuissfll: mistrustfully
tioooallcnn: monotonically
etttiiaaslb: metastability
euiiosshlcv: mischievously
ertiiaasgll: magisterially
ertiiiaslln: ministerially
etiiaaaglbn: manageability
uioaasglnnm: magnanimously
erttiiaaklb: marketability
eeiassgllnn: meaninglessly
etioaalllcb: metabolically
14
etyipaashllc: metaphysically
ertiopaahllc: metaphorically
iiodgggllbnn: mindbogglingly
ettiaaahllcm: mathematically
15
ertuiioaalvbn: manoeuvrability
erttiiaahlcbn: merchantability
tiioaasshllcc: masochistically
ttiiiiaaalbnn: maintainability
riooopaghlllc: morphologically
rioopaasllccc: macroscopically
riioopasllccc: microscopically
etiiaashllccn: mechanistically
16
ertioaaadlllcm: melodramatically
etioooadghlllc: methodologically
17
erttiiiaaaslllc: materialistically

mx
3
i: mix
4
ra: marx
in: minx
6
rtia: matrix
7
euiil: milieux
ioalb: mailbox
8
toahcb: matchbox
9
etuipll: multiplex

mz
9
eertagh: megahertz

vw
3
o: vow
4
ei: view

vx
3
e: vex
6
erto: vortex
eert: vertex

vz
5
uad: vaduz

fp
3
o: fop
4
ol: flop
al: flap
il: flip
5
eud: fedup
6
uuol: foulup
iill: fillip
7
erual: flareup
eruam: frameup
8
ettoos: footstep
tuosll: fullstop
iasghl: flagship
iopfll: flipflop
ooaslc: foolscap
9
ertiign: fingertip
10
eriisdhn: friendship
weioshll: fellowship

fr
3
a: far
i: fir
u: fur
o: for
4
ia: fair
uo: four
ea: fear
5
eum: femur
ial: flair
wee: fewer
eiv: fiver
eix: fixer
eac: facer
eev: fever
eyl: flyer
eyo: foyer
eri: firer
ria: friar
eer: freer
ool: floor
uol: flour, fluor
ery: fryer
eil: filer, flier
ein: finer
6
etil: filter
erom: former
etti: fitter
eedn: fender
eidn: finder
etta: fatter
eram: farmer, framer
etos: foster
eull: fuller
eish: fisher
eill: filler
erim: firmer
eria: fairer
uoav: favour
easl: falser
weol: flower
etas: faster
eolx: flexor
eibb: fibber
etal: falter
eall: faller
etah: father
eell: feller
eyal: flayer
erog: forger
eodl: folder
eodn: fonder
eets: fester
eruh: fuhrer
euol: fouler
eodd: fodder
eett: fetter
toac: factor
eeed: feeder
eeel: feeler
eecn: fencer
eiox: foxier
eign: finger
7
etigh: fighter
eerii: fierier
eiacn: fancier
eersh: fresher
eoppl: flopper
erakn: franker
uoalv: flavour
eiogg: foggier
eeric: fiercer
errui: furrier
euiss: fussier
uiafn: funfair
ettul: flutter
eiish: fishier
eerov: forever
eetah: feather
eyolv: flyover
etian: fainter
etusl: fluster
euikl: flukier
ertui: fruiter
ertuh: further
euinn: funnier
eroab: forbear
eashl: flasher
ettal: flatter
ettia: fattier
eruig: figurer
erial: frailer
euizz: fuzzier
eeerz: freezer
eppal: flapper
eiizz: fizzier
eoggl: flogger
ertti: fritter
eeshl: flesher
eeetl: fleeter
eakln: flanker
eruov: fervour
eeidl: fielder
eippl: flipper
euikn: funkier
eiklc: flicker
eushl: flusher
ertah: farther
erria: farrier
eeelb: feebler
etoal: floater
eiddl: fiddler
eioam: foamier
euodn: founder
8
weroas: forswear
eeroab: forebear
wetooa: footwear
eriill: frillier
ertuii: fruitier
euiisl: fusilier
eioppl: floppier
etiihl: filthier
euiffl: fluffier
epasdl: feldspar
etooag: footgear
eoalcn: falconer
euodln: flounder
eertos: forester
eetasn: fastener
eialbb: flabbier
eeishl: fleshier
eyppal: flypaper
eiishn: finisher
ertioh: frothier
ertion: frontier
eiashl: flashier
iiaalm: familiar
eriisk: friskier
weooll: follower
ertios: frostier
eiislm: flimsier
9
uuialcn: funicular
eeershn: freshener
etuillm: fulltimer
eiiasfl: falsifier
ertuasd: fraudster
weeriop: firepower
eiiacnn: financier
eertigh: freighter
eerttal: flatterer
eeriogn: foreigner
werroad: forwarder
10
etooallb: footballer
uioalllc: follicular
eeeralcn: freelancer
eerruonn: forerunner
etuiislb: filibuster
eeriidln: friendlier
uuoolllc: fullcolour
rtiooacn: fornicator
eruiasdn: fundraiser
eeriofgn: forefinger
weertash: freshwater
eertoafh: forefather
rtioaacb: fabricator
eertoagh: foregather
eiosghnm: fishmonger
eertiisl: fertiliser
rioashcn: franchisor
eeerodhl: freeholder
eertoasc: forecaster
rtuooalm: formulator
11
ttiioaalc: facilitator
weeriodkl: fieldworker
eertiifgh: firefighter
errtuafkn: frankfurter
13
eeerttuolln: fortuneteller

fs
4
ru: furs
eo: foes
en: fens
ad: fads
ag: fags
ee: fees
ed: feds
ti: fits
ob: fobs
us: fuss
an: fans
og: fogs
in: fins
op: fops
ib: fibs
ri: firs
ig: figs
ta: fats
5
aln: flans
all: falls
eiv: fives
rom: forms
tas: fasts
ool: fools
rto: forts
ram: farms
edn: fends
uic: ficus
ipl: flips
rog: frogs
rim: firms
odl: folds
osl: floss
tac: facts
tal: flats
rya: frays
ria: fairs
rok: forks
ial: fails
wal: flaws
ell: fells
eud: feuds
oam: foams
oal: foals
rod: fords
tis: fists
til: flits
wol: flows, fowls
eox: foxes
ton: fonts
eul: flues, fuels
uoc: focus
eer: frees
pal: flaps
eus: fuses
eix: fixes
ood: foods
eak: fakes
uan: fauns
eal: fleas
rul: furls
wan: fawns
alb: flabs
eac: faces
ead: fades
eax: faxes
ruo: fours
iol: foils
too: foots
opl: flops
iin: finis
udn: funds
okl: folks
ogl: flogs
ert: frets
agn: fangs
agl: flags
etu: fetus
eet: fetes
ill: fills
ilm: films
eri: fires, fries
idn: finds
eel: feels, flees
eta: fates, feats
era: fares, fears
eif: fiefs, fifes
eum: fumes
eed: feeds
ern: ferns
uol: fouls
eil: files, flies
ein: fines
6
eron: freons
erog: forges
eish: fishes
rtos: frosts
oodl: floods
rton: fronts
eerv: fevers
rtoh: froths
ruad: frauds
rakn: franks
risk: frisks
eizz: fizzes
eroc: forces
rokc: frocks
eakl: flakes
euug: fugues
racn: francs
uidl: fluids
etin: feints
eihc: fiches
eulm: flumes
rtui: fruits
eulx: fluxes
rill: frills
eudg: fudges
uugn: fungus
rupm: frumps
etas: feasts
rria: friars
eukl: flukes
eoln: felons
etac: facets
uoam: famous
eklc: flecks
erui: furies
erum: femurs
tian: faints
tiah: faiths
eecn: fences
roal: floras
oklc: flocks
erri: friers
ryoa: forays
tifh: fifths
erry: fryers
tuol: flouts
tuon: founts
rtil: flirts
eriv: fivers
ealb: fables
askl: flasks
ealm: flames
eral: flares
igln: flings
tigh: fights
riod: fiords
eeac: faeces
rool: floors
tual: faults, flatus
wron: frowns
euss: fusses
rodj: fjords
erac: facers, farces
erix: fixers
rodn: fronds
eidn: fiends
eidl: fields
eram: frames
ialn: finals
erak: fakers, freaks
eril: filers, fliers
rtis: firsts
erib: fibers, fibres
eryo: foyers
eryl: flyers
eelx: flexes
tiln: flints
akln: flanks
ruol: flours
ruom: forums
toal: floats
etul: flutes
etuo: foetus
uffl: fluffs
eohn: foehns
eetl: fleets
euzz: fuzzes
raac: fracas
iklc: flicks
eign: feigns
uodn: founds
uaan: faunas
7
eulbm: fumbles
eerdn: fenders
riodb: forbids
wooll: follows
euosc: focuses
euddl: fuddles
ruiob: fibrous
erill: fillers
eropc: forceps
eeelc: fleeces
eiolb: foibles
eioll: follies
eroag: forages
riign: firings
ettan: fattens
erall: fallers
erish: fishers
eianm: famines
eerri: ferries
eruig: figures
eerrt: ferrets
werol: flowers
ertos: forests, fosters
wrruo: furrows
eealm: females
eercn: fencers
eeiln: felines
eiddl: fiddles
erign: fingers, fringes
euodn: fondues
riacb: fabrics
eiacn: fancies
uuogn: fungous
eihcn: finches
erram: farmers, framers
ertuu: futures
iiajn: fijians
eribb: fibbers
eedgl: fledges
iigln: filings
weoll: fellows
etasl: fatless
etuac: faucets
etasn: fastens, fatness
etidg: fidgets
eagln: flanges
tualn: flaunts
eertt: fetters
eeshl: fleshes
rioln: florins
eerts: festers
riolc: frolics
eushl: flushes
etisn: fitness
riolv: frivols
eilzz: fizzles
eodln: fondles
ryign: fryings
tuuas: faustus
eriia: fairies
eridn: finders, friends
toahm: fathoms
rtuoh: fourths
eiill: fillies
eashl: flashes
erodd: fodders
rtoam: formats
rtoac: factors
erodl: folders
toagg: faggots
eridg: fridges
eossl: flosses
oagln: flagons
iaasc: fascias
ruuio: furious
etill: fillets
uuopl: foulups
errog: forgers
eethc: fetches
errom: formers
ertog: forgets
rtigh: frights
ertil: filters
ertti: fitters
ryiad: fridays
etiif: fifties
erruo: ferrous, furores
etiax: fixates
eryal: flayers
tighl: flights
ruoav: favours
tuuoa: fatuous
etias: fiestas
eulnn: funnels
eeriz: friezes
euinn: funnies
iaalc: facials
uifll: fulfils
iigxn: fixings
uiosn: fusions
wyyal: flyways
oalcn: falcons
eeerl: feelers
iagcn: facings
eeerd: feeders
eaadc: facades
ertio: forties
ertal: falters
iossl: fossils
eialn: finales
ertah: fathers
eeerz: freezes
weesn: fewness
8
errtti: fritters
euolcn: flounces
erroab: forbears
erroam: forearms
eeisnn: fineness
erroag: foragers
eertnm: ferments
rooghn: foghorns
eroask: forsakes
errria: farriers
eetuos: foetuses
tiiocn: fictions
eigcnn: fencings
uuoalb: fabulous
etuiag: fatigues
rtoaln: frontals
ruoalv: flavours
ruoalm: formulas
eoohlx: foxholes
eerias: freesias
ettaln: flattens
iiglln: fillings
eriacn: fanciers
errtuh: furthers
eeidgn: feedings
etoosn: festoons
eriasn: fairness
eriddl: fiddlers
eriogv: forgives
ttiign: fittings
wertas: fretsaws
eiishn: finishes
toopad: footpads
etoklc: fetlocks
tiaacn: fanatics
eruacn: furnaces
riagnm: farmings
errtos: fortress
rttoox: foxtrots
erualn: funerals
eallnn: flannels
eeigln: feelings
erionm: fermions
ertuon: fortunes
eesklc: feckless
tiaaln: fantails
eerizn: frenzies
euossc: focusses
eoosdl: foodless
eiodfm: fiefdoms
tioacn: factions
etooag: footages
eerodm: freedoms
eerklc: freckles
erttul: flutters
eeerrz: freezers
eioolz: floozies
erilzz: frizzles
eruodn: founders
tiassc: fascists
erruil: flurries
erppal: flappers
ioashn: fashions
eruiss: fissures
eeaslc: faceless
eerasl: fearless
eertsl: fretless
eioppl: floppies
ertuix: fixtures
eershn: freshens
ertigh: fighters, freights
eosdnn: fondness
eraafn: fanfares
ruogln: furlongs
erttal: flatters
erisnm: firmness
rtaalc: fractals
weropa: forepaws
iiossn: fissions
riiosb: fibrosis
wrroad: forwards
euosln: foulness
weasll: flawless
eeeros: foresees
errrui: furriers
uiashc: fuchsias
eetish: fetishes
eerrsh: freshers
euslln: fullness
etassn: fastness
ertoal: floaters
eroggl: floggers
uidgnn: fundings
eertah: feathers
ertiag: frigates
erupal: flareups
eertua: features
euusgn: funguses
eruial: failures
iisghn: fishings
rioggn: forgings
tiasgn: fastings
erippl: flippers
etignm: figments
tuohxn: foxhunts
eiialm: families
eeridl: fielders
wryiaa: fairways
eerogl: forelegs
etoosl: footless
ettinm: fitments
tuioac: factious
eroslm: formless
tioogn: footings
etasln: flatness
eiacnn: finances
ertiof: forfeits
erriam: firearms
eiosxn: foxiness
rtiosl: florists
iiagln: failings
eriklc: flickers
eryolv: flyovers
iidgnn: findings
9
euiooln: felonious
etialnm: filaments
ttoopah: footpaths
etiiasl: falsities
tiioaxn: fixations
euisssn: fussiness
erasknn: frankness
rtioacn: fractions
iooshhk: fishhooks
iiddgln: fiddlings
eerroab: forebears
ettoops: footsteps
eiaallc: fallacies
eertasn: fasteners
werriok: fireworks
etuiigv: fugitives
tuopsll: fullstops
werrood: forewords
ertagnm: fragments
eeroadh: foreheads
eetialb: fleabites
ertuisl: fruitless
ruioolv: frivolous
erpasdl: feldspars
eerrtos: foresters
eriolbm: forelimbs
eerodhl: freeholds
weerall: farewells
tooafll: footfalls
eerriog: forgeries
qeertun: frequents
eruiisl: fusiliers
tiiasln: finalists
ertioac: factories
eriallb: fireballs
errtion: frontiers
eeroanm: forenames
ettaalm: flatmates
etiaslv: festivals
rtuioac: fractious
wrtoalm: flatworms
tioalll: flotillas
ertoasc: forecasts
tuiaslb: fabulists
rttuuis: futurists
etuioac: facetious
euiszzn: fuzziness
eriobbm: firebombs
rtiiocn: frictions
ertighn: frightens
rtiaghn: farthings
werooll: followers
rryaadm: farmyards
eersshn: freshness
tuioann: fountains
uoodhxn: foxhounds
eeassln: falseness
eruodln: flounders
ertiial: frailties
eiiasfl: falsifies
etiasnn: faintness
tooallb: footballs
tooodhl: footholds
uakllcb: fullbacks
eesshll: fleshless
eruishn: furnishes
eeriish: fisheries
eriishn: finishers
ioppfll: flipflops
ettooon: footnotes
etuasll: faultless
ipasghl: flagships
etopshl: fleshpots
ertoagn: frontages
rtooakm: footmarks
iogggln: floggings
eruiodn: foundries
etiisnm: feminists
errtuac: fractures
etuialc: faculties
erioskn: foreskins
eruiign: figurines
eeriifl: fireflies
eeriisd: firesides
erruisn: furriness
eetuinn: finetunes
tioohll: foothills
etiashl: faithless
eruiooc: ferocious
tuiocnn: functions
eruoalm: fumaroles
eiolllc: follicles
10
ttoooosl: footstools
weerosll: flowerless
eidgglln: fledglings
erioaslm: formalises
eerrtoss: fortresses
eriiacnn: financiers
rioaslmm: formalisms
eerisgln: fingerless
eriashcn: franchises
eeruoslc: fluoresces
ertuiakc: fruitcakes
ttuiioac: factitious
eeisklcn: fickleness
ertuiisn: fruitiness
wertoopl: flowerpots
eriiasfl: falsifiers
eriasglb: fibreglass
eetiiilc: felicities
ttiooaln: flotations
etoashlm: fathomless
eeeralcn: freelances
eerisdln: friendless
ettuualc: fluctuates
eiisslnm: flimsiness
eerriogn: foreigners
rttuuioo: fortuitous
ertoasll: forestalls
ttiooghl: footlights
eerroosh: foreshores
eooasdhl: falsehoods
eerrttal: flatterers
etooadgl: floodgates
ertiiacv: fricatives
eertashl: fatherless
ettiissh: fetishists
wiooglln: followings
eeeeslbn: feebleness
ttuiiioc: fictitious
eeripalc: fireplaces
tiokllcn: flintlocks
ertuillm: fulltimers
eruoashm: farmhouses
etuisfln: fitfulness
eetasssn: fastnesses
ertuoalm: formulates
ertiipgn: fingertips
etiiialc: facilities
aashklcb: flashbacks
etiasgnn: fastenings
eiiaslcm: facsimiles
ertiaacb: fabricates
rrtiosbn: firstborns
etuiiolc: felicitous
rtioaalc: factorials
eetusdff: feedstuffs
ertaasdm: farmsteads
etisghll: flightless
rttioopn: footprints
eerttoas: foretastes
eetiisnn: finiteness
tuiisffc: fisticuffs
eerrtigh: freighters
errtuooc: forecourts
werroakm: frameworks
etiaascn: fascinates
eruioshl: flourishes
rtiooanm: formations
ertioasc: factorises
errtuasd: fraudsters
eeriidln: friendlies
ettiiaal: fatalities
tuiioasd: fastidious
erraagcn: fragrances
errttuas: frustrates
euiidgcn: fungicides
eertiisl: fertilises
ertuioav: favourites
weeeerhl: freewheels
erruishn: furnishers
ertioacn: fornicates
rttioghn: fortnights
eriaklmm: filmmakers
eeeaslnm: femaleness
eeeriscn: fierceness
eeerrshn: fresheners
eriiggnn: fingerings
uioaallc: fallacious
tuoosdff: foodstuffs
11
eeriashcn: franchisees
eeruasfln: fearfulness
eriosghnm: fishmongers
werooasdh: foreshadows
ruioaglvn: flavourings
etuioalnm: filamentous
rrtiooacn: fornicators
rroooadlb: floorboards
rttuiioal: flirtatious
eettiiisv: festivities
eeriosgnn: foreignness
eeruiadgh: figureheads
eertuisvn: furtiveness
ertooallb: footballers
eeerralcn: freelancers
tioodghll: floodlights
qeeeruicn: frequencies
rtioaslbb: fibroblasts
weiopshll: fellowships
tiopashln: flashpoints
eerrtoafh: forefathers
eeertuasl: featureless
erruoodgn: foregrounds
erruiasdn: fundraisers
eriiaglnn: fingernails
eerrtiisl: fertilisers
eeerrtoob: freebooters
eertiasdl: federalists
ertiiiolv: frivolities
eeriosgvn: forgiveness
rruioadgn: fairgrounds
eerrruonn: forerunners
eertioadn: federations
eeerrodhl: freeholders
eioosshln: foolishness
tuiooadnn: foundations
eerrtighn: frighteners
eriipsdhn: friendships
errooslnn: forlornness
werroasdn: forwardness
eerrtoasc: forecasters
rttiioaln: flirtations
tiasghhll: flashlights
eerriofgn: forefingers
eruoddhln: fundholders
erriagknm: fingermarks
ettiiaalc: facilitates
ruiisghnn: furnishings
rtiooskll: folklorists
eertusfln: fretfulness
erioodgbn: forebodings
ertiioalm: formalities
12
etiisddklc: fiddlesticks
etuioslcnn: functionless
ttuuioalcn: fluctuations
eeruosflcn: forcefulness
errtiipgnn: fingerprints
etuiasfhln: faithfulness
rrttuioasn: frustrations
tuiioalnnm: fulminations
eerossslnm: formlessness
ertuuisfln: fruitfulness
eerrtiighl: firelighters
etuaadlnnm: fundamentals
ertiioslcn: frictionless
rttiioaalc: facilitators
rtiioaacbn: fabrications
eeerasssln: fearlessness
tiioaascnn: fascinations
weerriodkl: fieldworkers
eerttoognm: forgetmenots
eerrtiifgh: firefighters
eerrttiian: fraternities
eeeroassnm: fearsomeness
eeriisdlnn: friendliness
eeesssklcn: fecklessness
rtuiooalnm: formulations
13
eertuosfgln: forgetfulness
eriooasdhln: foolhardiness
eeruioosscn: ferociousness
rruoooalcbn: fluorocarbons
eetiassshln: faithlessness
eetiiiillxb: flexibilities
ertuiioacnn: functionaries
eruiioossfl: fossiliferous
rttuuioosgl: futurologists
eertiiopscn: frontispieces
ertiiiiaalm: familiarities
ettiiioalcn: felicitations
eertuisssln: fruitlessness
eetuioasscn: facetiousness
eeetaasddhn: fatheadedness
14
eeerisssdlnn: friendlessness
rttiiooaascn: factorisations
rtiiooaaslnm: formalisations
eeerrttuolln: fortunetellers
tiiioaasflcn: falsifications
etuiioasssdn: fastidiousness
errttiosghhn: forthrightness
rttiiiooafcn: fortifications
15
ettuiaasdlnnm: fundamentalists
ettuiiioalcnn: functionalities

ft
3
a: fat
i: fit
4
oo: foot
el: felt
ac: fact
on: font
ee: feet
is: fist
ea: feat
al: flat
as: fast
il: flit
ia: fiat
ro: fort
es: fest
er: fret
5
oag: fagot
ian: faint
ron: front
iln: flint
eac: facet
oal: float
ios: foist
ris: first
eil: filet
ros: frost
eel: fleet
ril: flirt
uon: fount
ual: fault
rui: fruit
uol: flout
eas: feast
igh: fight
uas: faust
ein: feint
6
erol: floret
eidg: fidget
righ: fright
eonm: foment
uogh: fought
taac: fatcat
ualn: flaunt
eisn: finest
oagg: faggot
erog: forget
euln: fluent
eill: fillet
roog: forgot
eerr: ferret
roam: format
ruoa: farout
wees: fewest
ighl: flight
euac: faucet
eros: forest
7
ypasl: flypast
eislm: filmset
eishn: fishnet
ruagh: fraught
uoall: fallout
erism: firmest
eernm: ferment
euosl: foulest
uohxn: foxhunt
eriof: forfeit
tuisl: flutist
euoad: fadeout
eosdn: fondest
eiosx: foxiest
eroal: floreat
euisd: feudist
roanm: formant
oadnn: fondant
ettas: fattest
erigh: freight
etass: fastest
rtoox: foxtrot
ealbn: fanbelt
ettis: fittest
riosl: florist
erias: fairest
iassc: fascist
roakl: folkart
eusll: fullest
etinm: fitment
eignm: figment
eervn: fervent
8
euiskl: flukiest
iiasln: finalist
euiszz: fuzziest
euisss: fussiest
tuiasl: flautist
tiaasl: fatalist
etiasn: faintest
eiisnm: feminist
eroosm: foremost
eeeslb: feeblest
ioodll: floodlit
eroasc: forecast
eiosgg: foggiest
ettasl: flattest
eragnm: fragment
qeerun: frequent
eerssh: freshest
eiissh: fishiest
eiascn: fanciest
erruis: furriest
eraskn: frankest
ertoos: footrest
eiiszz: fizziest
eriasl: frailest
eioasm: foamiest
rtuuis: futurist
eiaskl: flakiest
eiaflc: facelift
iaghln: fanlight
ertush: furthest
euisnn: funniest
ippaln: flippant
ettias: fattiest
raagln: flagrant
rraagn: fragrant
eialnm: filament
eerisc: fiercest
eeriis: fieriest
ertash: farthest
9
erruooc: forecourt
eriifgh: firefight
ertuiis: fruitiest
etiishl: filthiest
euisffl: fluffiest
etiissh: fetishist
rtioghn: fortnight
weyighl: flyweight
ertioss: frostiest
ertiosh: frothiest
erianmm: firmament
eeopscn: fencepost
rtioopn: footprint
eiisslm: flimsiest
eriisll: frilliest
eioppsl: floppiest
eiasshl: flashiest
etualln: flatulent
rioaslm: formalist
eiaslbb: flabbiest
eeisshl: fleshiest
weroopl: flowerpot
eriosgh: foresight
erroofn: forefront
eriissk: friskiest
uialnnm: fulminant
eriighl: firelight
10
iasghhll: flashlight
euifllnm: fulfilment
rrtioghh: forthright
ioodghll: floodlight
riooskll: folklorist
iopashln: flashpoint
eeriasdl: federalist
rioaslbb: fibroblast
yoaalbnm: flamboyant
eruuadln: fraudulent
11
erriipgnn: fingerprint
eertoognm: forgetmenot
ertuooghh: forethought
eeriisdln: friendliest
eeruoslcn: fluorescent
12
eertiaghhl: featherlight
13
weeertiaghh: featherweight
tuiioaslcnn: functionalist
14
etuiaasdlnnm: fundamentalist

fw
3
e: few
4
el: flew
ol: flow
al: flaw
6
oall: fallow
eoll: fellow
rroa: farrow
ooll: follow
rruo: furrow
7
eropa: forepaw
eroas: foresaw
ertas: fretsaw
10
erooasdh: foreshadow
11
ertiaahln: fatherinlaw
12
ertiaashln: fathersinlaw

fx
8
rtookn: fortknox
3
a: fax
i: fix
o: fox
4
el: flex
al: flax
ul: flux
7
eriob: firebox
erias: fairsex

fy
3
r: fry
l: fly
4
og: fogy
ra: fray
al: flay
ru: fury
ox: foxy
5
roa: foray
ann: fanny
oll: folly
uzz: fuzzy
tta: fatty
rru: furry
ria: fairy
oam: foamy
til: fitly
ukn: funky
uss: fussy
tif: fifty
rto: forty
tus: fusty
ogg: foggy
izz: fizzy
eog: fogey
err: ferry
ill: filly
ilm: filmy
acn: fancy
ish: fishy
ull: fully
akl: flaky
ern: ferny
eri: fiery
unn: funny
6
rtos: frosty
albb: flabby
iolx: foxily
tihl: filthy
ialm: family
eiln: finely
rtui: fruity
rilm: firmly
rill: frilly
oolz: floozy
rupm: frumpy
rign: fringy
uoll: foully
rria: friary
rizz: frizzy
eerl: freely
eoln: felony
eelb: feebly
eelc: fleecy
tiln: flinty
riad: friday
islm: flimsy
rtoh: frothy
etal: fealty
ruol: floury
rial: fairly
toal: floaty
ossl: flossy
iddl: fiddly
risk: frisky
eukl: flukey
erak: fakery, freaky
uffl: fluffy
eshl: fleshy
ashl: flashy
erin: finery
rrul: flurry
tual: faulty
erzn: frenzy
odln: fondly
rogg: froggy
wyal: flyway
tall: flatly
oppl: floppy
7
wraaa: faraway
wriaa: fairway
uilzz: fuzzily
eriil: fierily
uidll: fluidly
iasfl: falsify
eetll: fleetly
tifhl: fifthly
eulcn: fluency
ershl: freshly
uilnn: funnily
tighl: flighty
weera: freeway
rtisl: firstly
erish: fishery
rakln: frankly
erool: foolery
erifl: firefly
tualc: faculty
riall: frailly
werol: flowery
uissl: fussily
etidg: fidgety
eshll: fleshly
rtoac: factory
ruodn: foundry
rtial: frailty
ttuia: fatuity
wtooa: footway
eidlx: fixedly
uagll: fallguy
oallc: focally
easll: falsely
aallc: fallacy
errog: forgery
taall: fatally
rtiof: fortify
raaad: faraday
tialn: faintly
tiasl: falsity
wyaal: flyaway
ialln: finally
iikcn: finicky
8
etuill: futilely
tiialn: finality
erttal: flattery
tiialc: facility
errtos: forestry
eiaslb: feasibly
rtuohl: fourthly
ruagll: frugally
errolm: formerly
erruan: funerary
rttuui: futurity
eerilc: fiercely
etiiln: finitely
etiilc: felicity
erruab: february
eaaslb: falsebay
ttiaal: fatality
roalcn: falconry
riiskl: friskily
ertahl: fatherly
eridln: friendly
tuiidl: fluidity
roallm: formally
eillxb: flexibly
erttul: fluttery
uoaslm: famously
erripp: frippery
eropal: foreplay
eridlv: fervidly
ttuiil: futility
iisllm: flimsily
etiidl: fidelity
riolcb: forcibly
uiglnm: fumingly
riidgl: frigidly
ertioc: ferocity
etulln: fluently
iasllc: fiscally
riodll: floridly
rtiosl: frostily
eriklc: flickery
iashll: flashily
tiihll: filthily
eertah: feathery
tuifll: fitfully
9
iooshll: foolishly
ertufll: fretfully
rtiiidg: frigidity
tuaallc: factually
rtuiagl: frugality
erttiil: fertility
qeerucn: frequency
rtoalln: frontally
ruuiosl: furiously
wiaglnn: fawningly
wrroadl: forwardly
rooadhl: foolhardy
ttiigln: fittingly
rruoalm: formulary
ettiisv: festivity
rtiiolv: frivolity
tuuoasl: fatuously
euosllm: fulsomely
rroolln: forlornly
rtiiagl: fragility
eeradll: federally
etuidcn: fecundity
ruiiadc: fiduciary
eeiglln: feelingly
ertuilv: furtively
rtioalm: formality
ippalcn: flippancy
eertlvn: fervently
eruafll: fearfully
10
uiafllcn: fancifully
rtaaglln: flagrantly
eeroaslm: fearsomely
eruofllc: forcefully
tuiafhll: faithfully
eetiglln: fleetingly
eriidlln: friendlily
eiisdhln: fiendishly
wrioglnn: frowningly
eeiilnnm: femininely
ruoaalvb: favourably
rioadlbm: formidably
qeertuln: frequently
tiiadlcc: flaccidity
tippalln: flippantly
uuoasllb: fabulously
rtuuifll: fruitfully
weasslll: flawlessly
eerishlv: feverishly
eerassll: fearlessly
riiaallm: familiarly
eeridlzn: frenziedly
etiiinnm: femininity
errttian: fraternity
11
ruioosllv: frivolously
ertiaglln: falteringly
etiiillxb: flexibility
rtuifghll: frightfully
eerroasnm: freemasonry
ertiaalnm: filamentary
tiiialllb: fallibility
ioaashlbn: fashionably
etiiiaslb: feasibility
rtuioacnn: functionary
etuasslll: faultlessly
rttioghln: fortnightly
errtaagnm: fragmentary
iiaallcnn: financially
riooadhll: foolhardily
rtiiiaalm: familiarity
ertuissll: fruitlessly
etuioaslc: facetiously
erttuoaln: fortunately
rtiaallcn: frantically
tiaaallcn: fanatically
eruiooslc: ferociously
12
rtioaallcn: fractionally
tuiioassdl: fastidiously
riioddglbn: forbiddingly
ertuiiaglv: figuratively
erttiaglln: flatteringly
erioasllcn: forensically
tyoaallbnm: flamboyantly
ertuuadlln: fraudulently
rrttioghhl: forthrightly
rttuuioosl: fortuitously
tiiaallbmm: flammability
eertiallcn: frenetically
errttuasdl: frustratedly
tuioallcnn: functionally
13
rrttuiasgln: frustratingly
rttuiioasll: flirtatiously
etuaadllnnm: fundamentally
tiiaasglcnn: fascinatingly
ttuiioalcnn: functionality
ertiigghlnn: frighteningly
14
eeertiioaslb: foreseeability
tiiiiaasfllb: falsifiability
ttiiaaaslllc: fatalistically

fz
3
e: fez
4
iz: fizz
uz: fuzz

fa
4
el: flea
5
rol: flora
oss: fossa
ery: freya
iac: facia
wta: fatwa
uan: fauna
6
iasc: fascia
erod: fedora
uilb: fibula
etis: fiesta
7
tuisl: fistula
eeris: freesia
eiilc: felicia
ruolm: formula
roosm: formosa
uishc: fuchsia
riodl: florida
8
tiolll: flotilla
eaglll: flagella
tiaasn: fantasia
9
rtyiosh: forsythia

fb
8
eriobm: firebomb
9
uashllb: flashbulb
3
a: fab
i: fib
o: fob
4
ul: flub
al: flab

fc
5
ran: franc
6
riab: fabric
riom: formic
erri: ferric
riol: frolic
iilm: filmic
7
tiaan: fanatic
rtian: frantic
8
eertin: frenetic
eriosn: forensic
9
ruioalm: formulaic
ttiaasn: fantastic
10
ttiiaasl: fatalistic
rttuuiis: futuristic
11
rtiioaslm: formalistic
ettiiissh: fetishistic
13
eerrtioagnm: ferromagnetic

fd
3
a: fad
e: fed
4
oo: food
el: fled
en: fend
on: fond
ee: feed
un: fund
ol: fold
in: find
eu: feud
ro: ford
5
roj: fjord
ron: frond
raa: farad
uil: fluid
rio: fiord
eil: field, filed
eum: fumed
uon: found
eus: fused
eak: faked
eam: famed
ool: flood
eac: faced
rua: fraud
ead: faded
eax: faxed
eru: freud
eti: fetid
eet: feted
eer: freed
eta: fated
era: fared
eix: fixed
eox: foxed
eri: fired, fried
ein: fiend, fined
6
euss: fussed
erom: formed
etti: fitted
etio: foetid
eedn: fended
erok: forked
eriv: fervid
etta: fatted
eram: farmed, framed
eish: fished
erin: friend
etoo: footed
eill: filled
eilm: filmed
eudn: funded
eogg: fogged
eodl: folded
erib: fibred
eudg: fudged
einn: finned
etis: fisted
eera: feared
weol: flowed
eann: fanned
etas: fasted
eelx: flexed
eucn: fecund
erya: frayed
erod: forded
ealb: fabled
euol: fouled
eibb: fibbed
ealm: flamed
eral: flared
eell: felled
eobb: fobbed
eyal: flayed
erru: furred
eoal: foaled
etul: fluted
eukn: funked
eizz: fizzed
wean: fawned
riig: frigid
weal: flawed
erul: furled
riob: forbid
eroc: forced
eecn: fenced
riol: florid
eiol: foiled
erog: forged
eeud: feuded
euzz: fuzzed
eool: fooled
eakl: flaked
eial: failed
erim: firmed
roab: forbad
eoam: foamed
7
weron: frowned
eulbb: flubbed
eiacn: fancied
eeklc: flecked
eulbm: fumbled
eoppl: flopped
euosc: focused
erakn: franked
erill: frilled
eoodl: flooded
ertoh: frothed
eoggl: flogged
wrroa: forward, froward
eodln: fondled
etios: foisted
etiax: fixated
euddl: fuddled
ialcc: flaccid
eetas: feasted
uiogn: fungoid
eeign: feigned
eetin: feinted
etian: fainted
eeelc: fleeced
eedgl: fledged
eiklc: flicked
erisk: frisked
ertui: fruited
eroag: foraged
eetac: faceted
erool: floored
eashl: flashed
etuol: flouted
eertt: fretted
eagln: flanged
ertos: frosted
eerri: ferried
eruig: figured
eerak: freaked
etual: faulted
eeshl: fleshed
eppal: flapped
euffl: fluffed
ealnn: fenland
eihlc: filched
eoklc: flocked
eukln: flunked
ettil: flitted
eethc: fetched
eeetl: fleeted
eakln: flanked
ertil: flirted
eeidl: fielded
eippl: flipped
eeull: fuelled
eruol: floured
ialnn: finland
eushl: flushed
eaggl: flagged
etoal: floated
erton: fronted
eeerv: fevered
eiddl: fiddled
erign: fringed
euplm: flumped
euodn: founded
eilzz: fizzled
8
raalnm: farmland
euolcn: flounced
eihlcn: flinched
eertua: featured
eralzz: frazzled
eetidg: fidgeted
eeroah: forehead
eettan: fattened
ruoofl: fourfold
rryaam: farmyard
ertigh: frighted
eruoav: favoured
werioo: firewood
werruo: furrowed
etighl: flighted
eroahn: forehand
ertoam: formated
etuiag: fatigued
euossc: focussed
eioflv: fivefold
eerign: fingered
weerol: flowered
eerahn: freehand
eerizn: frenzied
eetonm: fomented
etoahm: fathomed
eertil: filtered
eeerts: festered
eeerrt: ferreted
eeertt: fettered
eerklc: freckled
tooohl: foothold
eertos: forested, fostered
etualn: flaunted
eiishn: finished
eroaln: foreland
eerohl: freehold
ertool: foretold
erruil: flurried
werroo: foreword
eetasn: fastened
eiacnn: financed
eiashm: famished
eruiss: fissured
rtiias: firstaid
weooll: followed
etioal: foliated
eertal: faltered
ertoac: factored
eertah: fathered
9
eruishn: furnished
eertigh: freighted
eooashl: falsehood
eioashn: fashioned
erioklc: frolicked
eeerofc: forcefeed
eeruodn: foundered
eettaln: flattened
erruiag: fireguard
eerttul: fluttered
eeertnm: fermented
eiiasfl: falsified
eetoosn: festooned
eertiof: forfeited
rtiashn: firsthand
eeroodb: foreboded
erttoam: formatted
eruishb: furbished
eerroam: forearmed
eertusl: flustered
errtuac: fractured
eiiasln: finalised
eerrtti: frittered
eerrtuh: furthered
eetuinn: finetuned
eerttal: flattered
euiflll: fulfilled
erriabn: firebrand
werroad: forwarded
eeriklc: flickered
ertiiof: fortified
euiisdl: fluidised
eeertad: federated
ertaasm: farmstead
eeullnn: funnelled
eeertah: feathered
errtoab: fretboard
eruoalv: flavoured
eeershn: freshened
10
eruioshl: flourished
ertiaacb: fabricated
ertaahln: fatherland
ertioasc: factorised
etuiocnn: functioned
qeeertun: frequented
erioaslm: formalised
euiodllb: fullbodied
ertiasgh: farsighted
erruoogn: foreground
eeruodln: floundered
errttuas: frustrated
eertiisl: fertilised
rruioagn: fairground
eeruiagh: figurehead
rroooalb: floorboard
eertighn: frightened
weerroan: forewarned
errioabb: fibreboard
eertafhc: farfetched
ertioacn: fornicated
ertooahh: fatherhood
eeriobbm: firebombed
eiiosssl: fossilised
eriashcn: franchised
ertuoalm: formulated
eertagnm: fragmented
etiaascn: fascinated
eerooslc: foreclosed
ettuualc: fluctuated
11
errioagbn: fingerboard
etuuoohlm: foulmouthed
ettiiaalc: facilitated
eertoasll: forestalled
eerrioopf: fireproofed
erroaghcm: frogmarched
euoodlllb: fullblooded
12
eerruoodgn: foregrounded
eeerrtoagh: foregathered
erttioaacn: fractionated
eeeeidlbnm: feebleminded
eriiiaaslm: familiarised
weerooasdh: foreshadowed
eerttiaahn: fainthearted
13
eeerrtooshn: foreshortened
eertaasglbb: flabbergasted
eerrtiipgnn: fingerprinted

fe
3
e: fee
o: foe
4
el: flee
ac: face
ol: floe
ad: fade
il: file
ak: fake
am: fame
us: fuse
iv: five
um: fume
ul: flue
ra: fare
in: fine
et: fete
ro: fore
if: fife
er: free
ri: fire
ta: fate
5
alm: flame
rac: farce
ecn: fence
ral: flare
roc: force
alb: fable
rog: forge
ruz: furze
roz: froze
ukl: fluke
tul: flute
ram: frame
udg: fudge
akl: flake
ihc: fiche
uug: fugue
rib: fibre
rto: forte
asl: false
6
ialc: facile
eriz: frieze
ettl: fettle
rtuu: future
ianm: famine
ialn: finale
eusc: fescue
ilzz: fizzle
iolb: foible
eric: fierce
tuil: futile
ruig: figure
rign: fringe
iacn: fiance
eelb: feeble
eelc: fleece
eerz: freeze
ealm: female
aadc: facade
iddl: fiddle
tiax: fixate
tiin: finite
agln: flange
uddl: fuddle
ulbm: fumble
rruo: furore
eiln: feline
ridg: fridge
odln: fondle
iklc: fickle
uodn: fondue
racn: france
edgl: fledge
roag: forage
7
riogv: forgive
eiacn: fiancee
riojl: frijole
roadb: forbade
rroob: forbore
ruacn: furnace
iissl: fissile
eerib: freebie
riagl: fragile
erklc: freckle
rilzz: frizzle
erilb: febrile
errul: ferrule
rtuon: fortune
uolcn: flounce
ruiss: fissure
ertua: feature
rialb: friable
eeros: foresee
ialxb: fixable
eillx: flexile
ioolz: floozie
rtuiv: furtive
rtiag: frigate
ruial: failure
tioos: footsie
ertig: figtree
rtuix: fixture
iacnn: finance
raafn: fanfare
roagv: forgave
eissn: finesse
ralzz: frazzle
uislb: fusible
etisv: festive
tuiag: fatigue
ertil: fertile
roogn: forgone
tooag: footage
oohlx: foxhole
tiicv: fictive
uoslm: fulsome
roask: forsake
ioagl: foliage
tioal: foliate
errti: ferrite
8
iiasln: finalise
toakll: folktale
etuinn: finetune
tuillm: fulltime
eiaslb: feasible
eroasm: fearsome
iadlbn: findable
ttaalm: flatmate
tuiigv: fugitive
eriigl: filigree
opagll: flagpole
rrtuac: fracture
eiinnm: feminine
iishkl: fishlike
ialllb: fallible
eroanm: forename
rtuosc: fructose
ruoalm: formulae, fumarole
euasgl: fuselage
eillxb: flexible
ruioln: fluorine
iolllc: follicle
tuiagm: fumigate
ruiodl: fluoride
riolcb: forcible
ttooon: footnote
rttial: filtrate
upagll: fullpage
wiisfh: fishwife
rookll: folklore
tiiaxv: fixative
wrriam: firmware
erolcn: florence
wrroos: forswore
ruoosm: foursome
ruiign: figurine
rtooos: footsore
eertad: federate
rtoagn: frontage
eriisd: fireside
eroogn: foregone
9
rioaslm: formalise
uaslllc: fullscale
ttoopal: footplate
eeralcn: freelance
iiosssl: fossilise
iaalcbn: fanciable
erroosh: foreshore
eruoslc: fluoresce
rtiolnn: frontline
rraagcn: fragrance
rtiaacb: fabricate
rtioavm: formative
tiaascn: fascinate
ruoashm: farmhouse
rtyiaal: fairytale
toooosl: footloose
rtioacn: fornicate
erttoas: foretaste
iiaslcm: facsimile
eertysl: freestyle
rtopagn: frontpage
rttiosb: frostbite
erooslc: foreclose
ippallb: flippable
rtuioav: favourite
rttuiod: fortitude
rttuoan: fortunate
rrttuas: frustrate
eerragn: freerange
eripalc: fireplace
aallbmm: flammable
rtiiacv: fricative
ttuualc: fluctuate
rrtuuin: furniture
rtuoalm: formulate
rtuiakc: fruitcake
etpaalc: faceplate
ertiisl: fertilise
riashcn: franchise
rtioasc: factorise
uiidgcn: fungicide
uiasdll: fusillade
tuialnm: fulminate
10
rrtiiadc: fratricide
ruoaalvb: favourable
rioadlbm: formidable
etuallcn: flatulence
errtuiof: forfeiture
eriashcn: franchisee
etaaglll: flagellate
riooslcm: frolicsome
rioaglvb: forgivable
ttiiaalc: facilitate
wooalllb: followable
rtuiiagv: figurative
rtioodgb: footbridge
roopaslc: floorspace
errtiasn: fraternise
11
erroaacbn: forbearance
erttoaglb: forgettable
errrtuohm: furthermore
rttioaacn: fractionate
errtuahcn: furtherance
eeeroaslb: foreseeable
erruooslc: foreclosure
roopahcnn: francophone
ioaashlbn: fashionable
iiaasfllb: falsifiable
yoaalcbnm: flamboyance
riiiaaslm: familiarise
eettallnn: flannelette
12
rtioaaslcb: factorisable
ttiiiaalcv: facilitative
eeruoslccn: fluorescence
ertiiopscn: frontispiece
eryoaddhlm: formaldehyde
eriaskcnnn: frankincense
13
weeroodgkln: foreknowledge

ff
4
ei: fief
5
ufl: fluff
6
roaf: faroff
7
yahll: flyhalf
eiagl: figleaf
9
tuoosdf: foodstuff
roooopl: foolproof
errioop: fireproof
10
eroopalm: flameproof

fg
3
a: fag
i: fig
u: fug
o: fog
4
ro: frog
ol: flog
al: flag
an: fang
5
iln: fling
uln: flung
6
iixn: fixing
ryin: frying
iinn: fining
iiln: filing
iakn: faking
ioxn: foxing
iaxn: faxing
iacn: facing
uinm: fuming
iadn: fading
riin: firing
uisn: fusing
yiln: flying
rian: faring
7
tiiln: fliting
ioanm: foaming
uioln: fouling
wioln: flowing
riogn: forging
iobbn: fobbing
ioaln: foaling
riodn: fording
iishn: fishing
uidnn: funding
yialn: flaying
eeiln: feeling, fleeing
iidnn: finding
ttiin: fitting
iizzn: fizzing
eerol: foreleg
eilln: felling
rruin: furring
eerin: freeing
iibbn: fibbing
riinm: firming
uilln: fulling
riian: fairing
iannn: fanning
rialn: flaring
rianm: farming, framing
iodln: folding
wiann: fawning
ioggn: fogging
iilln: filling
eidnn: fending
iialn: failing
ruoln: furlong
iooln: fooling
tioon: footing
euidn: feuding
ryian: fraying
eicnn: fencing
iilnm: filming
iioln: foiling
tuiln: fluting
rionm: forming
iakln: flaking
eeidn: feeding
riokn: forking
uissn: fussing
eilxn: flexing
ruiln: furling
tiasn: fasting
uidgn: fudging
ialln: falling
riocn: forcing
erian: fearing
ialnm: flaming
8
iaggln: flagging
etihcn: fetching
ioggln: flogging
uiodnn: founding
tiiann: fainting
eiignn: feigning
iossln: flossing
rtiahn: farthing
ttiiln: flitting
eishln: fleshing
etiasn: feasting
riaknn: franking
erttin: fretting
tuialn: faulting
tiiosn: foisting
iodlnn: fondling
ioppln: flopping
ioodln: flooding
iaklnn: flanking
uiffln: fluffing
eerizn: freezing
rtiohn: frothing
rtuiin: fruiting
erryin: ferrying
yiacnn: fancying
eeilcn: fleecing
etiinn: feinting
iiglnn: flinging
uioscn: focusing
euilln: fuelling
riiskn: frisking
etiacn: faceting
rtiiln: flirting
uilbnm: fumbling
rtionn: fronting
eiidln: fielding
eetiln: fleeting
tioaln: floating
rioagn: foraging
riooln: flooring
iiklcn: flicking
uishln: flushing
ioklcn: flocking
ippaln: flapping
iiddln: fiddling
ruafln: farflung
rioogn: forgoing
tiighn: fighting
iippln: flipping
rtiosn: frosting
tuioln: flouting
iashln: flashing
ruiign: figuring
wrionn: frowning
riignn: fringing
9
etiasnn: fastening
ertialn: faltering
ertiahn: fathering
tuiiagn: fatiguing
uiosscn: focussing
tuialnn: flaunting
etiidgn: fidgeting
werioln: flowering
eeriasn: farseeing
rtioacn: factoring
erioogn: foregoing
riiogvn: forgiving
iihlcnn: flinching
iiishnn: finishing
tioahnm: fathoming
ruioavn: favouring
iiacnnn: financing
ettiann: fattening
uiolcnn: flouncing
wioolln: following
ertuian: featuring
eertisn: festering
eidglln: fledgling
eerrtin: ferreting
uiodlnn: foundling
ertiiln: filtering
rioaskn: forsaking
ertiosn: fostering
eriignn: fingering
etionnm: fomenting
10
rtyiiofn: fortifying
eertinnm: fermenting
etuiinnn: finetuning
yiiasfln: falsifying
wrrioadn: forwarding
ruioalvn: flavouring
etioosnn: festooning
errtuihn: furthering
riioddbn: forbidding
rttioanm: formatting
euillnnn: funnelling
ruiishnn: furnishing
riioklcn: frolicking
erttiogn: forgetting
iioashnn: fashioning
ruiishbn: furbishing
erioodbn: foreboding
eertiahn: feathering
errioabn: forbearing
uiifllln: fulfilling
rrtuiacn: fracturing
erttialn: flattering
errttiin: frittering
tuiiagnm: fumigating
eriiklcn: flickering
eeidglln: fledgeling
erttuiln: fluttering
ertiiofn: forfeiting
iiiaslnn: finalising
eerishnn: freshening
tuiohxnn: foxhunting
ettialnn: flattening
eeeriosn: foreseeing
eruiodnn: foundering
11
rtioohcnm: forthcoming
qeertuinn: frequenting
riiashcnn: franchising
riioaslnm: formalising
tuiiocnnn: functioning
erriaahcn: farreaching
tiiaascnn: fascinating
ruiiasdnn: fundraising
eerialcnn: freelancing
iiiosssln: fossilising
tiooallbn: footballing
tuiialnnm: fulminating
eeriaflln: freefalling
werrioasn: forswearing
rtiioacnn: fornicating
ertiagnnm: fragmenting
uioddhlnn: fundholding
rtiioascn: factorising
eertiolln: foretelling
eruioslcn: fluorescing
eruiodlnn: floundering
ruiioshln: flourishing
rtiiaacbn: fabricating
ertiiisln: fertilising
rtuioalnm: formulating
eriiobbnm: firebombing
werrioann: forewarning
ttuuialcn: fluctuating
ertiighnn: frightening
rrttuiasn: frustrating
ertioascn: forecasting
12
ertioaslln: forestalling
ertiiifghn: firefighting
rtiiiallbn: fibrillating
weeeerihln: freewheeling
eertiasdnn: freestanding
ttiiiaalcn: facilitating
errtiiasnn: fraternising
eeeriodfcn: forcefeeding
13
weriooasdhn: foreshadowing
rttiioaacnn: fractionating
riiiiaaslnm: familiarising
tiioodghlln: floodlighting
erruioodgnn: foregrounding
14
wrrioooadkln: forwardlooking
eerrtiooshnn: foreshortening
errtiiipgnnn: fingerprinting
eerttuiollnn: fortunetelling

fh
4
is: fish
5
esl: flesh
icn: finch
ers: fresh
rto: forth, froth
usl: flush
rti: firth
til: filth
etc: fetch
tif: fifth
asl: flash
tia: faith
ilc: filch
6
iisn: finish
rtuo: fourth
ercn: french
ilcn: flinch
iasm: famish
etis: fetish
7
riias: fairish
eislm: flemish
iisnn: finnish
ruisn: furnish
uisll: fullish
ioosl: foolish
ioskl: folkish
8
ttiasl: flattish
ruuogl: furlough
eriask: freakish
eerisv: feverish
ttoopa: footpath
eiisdn: fiendish
ruiosl: flourish
ettiif: fiftieth
erttio: fortieth
ttooab: footbath
tiasfl: flatfish
9
eettifn: fifteenth
wrttioh: forthwith
10
etugllln: fulllength
eerttuon: fourteenth
ttipaghl: flightpath

fi
10
ripaagnn: frangipani
4
ij: fiji
oc: foci
5
ugn: fungi

fk
8
werrto: fretwork
werrio: firework
eerodc: foredeck
iooshh: fishhook
paajlc: flapjack
eroolc: forelock
wrtooo: footwork
eeadcb: feedback
uallcb: fullback
9
eetosdc: feedstock
aashlcb: flashback
tiollcn: flintlock
werroam: framework
weriodl: fieldwork
tiaghcb: fightback
4
ro: fork
ol: folk
un: funk
al: flak
5
aln: flank
olc: flock
ilc: flick
ran: frank
elc: fleck
roc: frock
alc: flack
ris: frisk
era: freak
asl: flask
7
oagbn: fogbank
etolc: fetlock
rooos: forsook

fl
4
oo: fool
el: fell
ul: full
ee: feel
eu: fuel
al: fall
oa: foal
wo: fowl
uo: foul
il: fill
io: foil
ia: fail
5
ian: final
oac: focal
era: feral
ril: frill
eta: fetal
taa: fatal
uag: fugal
ria: frail
6
eunn: funnel
ruag: frugal
riov: frivol
iian: finial
eaac: faecal
etas: festal
uagn: fungal
iaac: facial
euad: feudal
iial: filial
iasc: fiscal
tuif: fitful
roal: floral
roam: formal
uifl: fulfil
eenn: fennel
uaan: faunal
ioss: fossil
etoa: foetal
7
ruiag: figural
etuaf: fateful
rtoan: frontal
tuaac: factual
tuisf: fistful
eerad: federal
eruaf: fearful
ertuf: fretful
tiaan: fantail
uialv: fluvial
rtaac: fractal
eruan: funeral
ealnn: flannel
8
eeruan: funereal
uiafcn: fanciful
tooalb: football
rtuuif: fruitful
tuiafh: faithful
weeral: farewell
etiasv: festival
iiaalm: familial
erioas: foresail
eerafl: freefall
riaacc: farcical
eruofc: forceful
erialb: fireball
weeyhl: flywheel
etoann: fontanel
eertol: foretell
tioohl: foothill
tooafl: footfall
9
iiaacnn: financial
ttoooos: footstool
ertuofg: forgetful
tiaaacn: fanatical
ertoasl: forestall
tioaacn: factional
rtioaac: factorial
tiioacn: fictional
errtaan: fraternal
rtuifgh: frightful
10
uiiadgcn: fungicidal
tuioacnn: functional
eriiagnn: fingernail
rtiioacn: frictional
eerroafl: freeforall
rtioaacn: fractional
11
errtioocn: firecontrol
rrtiiaadc: fratricidal
etuaadnnm: fundamental
12
tuiooaadnn: foundational

fm
4
ri: firm
ro: form, from
ra: farm
oa: foam
il: film

5
ruo: forum
6
toah: fathom
7
eerod: freedom
erroa: forearm
iassc: fascism
ruulc: fulcrum
rtuus: frustum
erria: firearm
toasl: flotsam
eiodf: fiefdom
8
rtuuis: futurism
eiisnm: feminism
tiaasl: fatalism
ttuoac: factotum
9
euiasdl: feudalism
rioaslm: formalism
etiissh: fetishism
10
tiiaascn: fanaticism
eeriasdl: federalism
11
rtuiioasv: favouritism
12
tiioaaslcn: factionalism
13
tuiioaslcnn: functionalism
14
etuiaasdlnnm: fundamentalism

fn
3
a: fan
i: fin
e: fen
u: fun
4
in: finn
ua: faun
al: flan
wa: fawn
er: fern
5
wro: frown
eol: felon
wol: flown
eig: feign
tuo: futon
ero: freon
6
oagl: flagon
etas: fasten
etta: fatten
ealx: flaxen
uios: fusion
riik: firkin
eroz: frozen
eall: fallen
riol: florin
oalc: falcon
7
ioash: fashion
eetpl: feltpen
erogm: frogmen
eersh: freshen
etoos: festoon
eriom: fermion
roagm: frogman
etoom: footmen
rrool: forlorn
eriog: foreign
eetif: fifteen
eerom: foremen
eiolx: flexion
eerim: firemen
eroam: foramen, foreman
tiioc: fiction
ettal: flatten
eeram: freeman
rioss: frisson
iioss: fission
tooam: footman
eeerm: freemen
roogh: foghorn
tuias: fustian
tioac: faction
eriam: fireman
8
rtiioc: friction
rtioac: fraction
erryam: ferryman
eertuo: fourteen
wrroos: forsworn
eeeros: foreseen
eriosk: foreskin
tiioax: fixation
rtuiio: fruition
werroa: forewarn
rioalm: formalin
tuiocn: function
eershm: freshmen
eroask: forsaken
tuioan: fountain
eriogv: forgiven
erashm: freshman
ertigh: frighten
uoollm: fullmoon
9
rrtiosb: firstborn
eriashm: fisherman
rtiooam: formation
wuolllb: fullblown
errioab: forebrain
wruogll: fullgrown
erttoog: forgotten
eerishm: fishermen
iopaall: fallopian
erioddb: forbidden
ttiooal: flotation
10
rtuiioag: figuration
eertioad: federation
rttiioal: filtration, flirtation
tuiioagm: fumigation
tuiooadn: foundation
11
ertttiosb: frostbitten
rtiiooacn: fornication
rrttuioas: frustration
tiioaascn: fascination
ttuuioalc: fluctuation
rtiioaacb: fabrication
tuiioalnm: fulmination
rtuiooalm: formulation
12
eerttioanm: fermentation
rtiiioallb: fibrillation
etioaaglll: flagellation
ttiiioaalc: facilitation
rtuiiooadl: fluoridation
ettiiioalc: felicitation
tiiioaasln: finalisation
rruoooalcb: fluorocarbon
13
erttioaagnm: fragmentation
rttiiooaasc: factorisation
rtiiooaaslm: formalisation
erttiiioasl: fertilisation
rttiiooaacn: fractionation
tiiioaasflc: falsification
rttiiiooafc: fortification
15
rtiiiioaaaslm: familiarisation

fo
3
r: fro
5
iol: folio
rog: forgo
6
iasc: fiasco
ersc: fresco
erog: forego
7
rraag: farrago
8
ettasl: falsetto
iaglnm: flamingo
etiall: fellatio
ealcnm: flamenco
aadgnn: fandango
10
rtiiossm: fortissimo

sz
7
ahlcm: schmalz

sy
3
a: say
h: shy
k: sky
l: sly
o: soy
p: spy
t: sty
4
rp: spry
wa: sway
al: slay
pa: spay
ex: sexy
ta: stay
5
rro: sorry
ipc: spicy
all: sally
onn: sonny
rac: scary
ahk: shaky
avv: savvy
ipn: spiny
alc: scaly
rpa: spray
ihn: shiny
tal: salty
opp: soppy
uac: saucy
odd: soddy
rta: stray
uop: soupy
tix: sixty
tud: study
til: silty
won: snowy
ton: stony
woh: showy
ipk: spiky
adn: sandy
adl: sadly
tof: softy
rto: story
adh: shady
too: sooty
eam: seamy
rul: surly
opa: soapy
ukl: sulky
ogg: soggy
okm: smoky
ikl: silky
yhl: shyly
iss: sissy
ill: silly, slily
ilm: slimy
akn: snaky
ull: sully
eed: seedy
yll: slyly
unn: sunny
6
erol: sorely
eoll: solely
iplm: simply
wuab: subway
oggm: smoggy
tulb: subtly
oodm: sodomy
uadn: sunday
rtom: stormy
rtoh: shorty
ruag: sugary
oaxn: saxony
rrul: slurry
eakn: sneaky
rruc: scurry
tton: snotty
iknn: skinny
ttop: spotty
tikn: stinky
tikc: sticky
erto: storey
ertn: sentry
eafl: safely
rtul: sultry
illm: slimly
epac: spacey
todg: stodgy
ertu: surety
rtud: sturdy
opgn: spongy
eepl: sleepy
tokc: stocky
eepd: speedy
rucv: scurvy
tubb: stubby
etad: steady
etaf: safety
etag: stagey
etam: steamy
erul: surely
tian: sanity, satiny
wein: sinewy
eruv: survey
upkn: spunky
uppl: supply
iilc: sicily
ushl: slushy
aggh: shaggy
tahn: shanty
oppl: sloppy
woll: slowly
errh: sherry
tacn: scanty
tifh: shifty
ttum: smutty
tofl: softly
rtop: sporty
erru: surrey
ppan: snappy
ealz: sleazy
ealn: sanely
acbb: scabby
tign: stingy
tupm: stumpy
tihm: smithy
eagl: sagely
ryup: syrupy
uglm: smugly
ugln: snugly
wish: swishy
werc: screwy
wpam: swampy
eilx: sexily
igln: singly
eydn: sydney
rtip: stripy
adhn: shandy
wign: swingy
rrta: starry
ahbb: shabby
tuff: stuffy
ruol: sourly
eelm: seemly
ellm: smelly
ipkm: skimpy
rudn: sundry
eetl: steely
raal: salary
oopn: snoopy
udgl: sludgy
udgm: smudgy
oopk: spooky
oddh: shoddy
iklc: sickly
talb: stably
weta: sweaty
ikln: slinky
7
tiffl: stiffly
rtahc: starchy
rtalm: smartly
iikll: silkily
eoalv: saveloy
eipfc: specify
iadhl: shadily
erygn: synergy
erilv: silvery
eipnn: spinney
weetl: sweetly
eoadm: someday
wipal: slipway
ettal: stately
wtifl: swiftly
tulbb: stubbly
eercc: secrecy
eralv: slavery
eercn: scenery
iahkl: shakily
woadh: shadowy
tialn: saintly
tadbn: standby
eetpl: steeply
ruhbb: shrubby
wracn: scrawny
rpahl: sharply
ertln: sternly
qeeuz: squeezy
epahl: shapely
qeuak: squeaky
iodll: solidly
weroh: showery
uialc: saucily
wertl: sweltry
eualv: suavely
rtakl: starkly
ripgn: springy
iifgn: signify
etupf: stupefy
tiasf: satisfy
wrtah: swarthy
iakcb: sickbay
rihll: shrilly
rppac: scrappy
tioln: stonily
ripdn: spindry
rtohl: shortly
eetvn: seventy
rrtif: stirfry
quash: squashy
ipdln: spindly
erihv: shivery
erumm: summery
rialc: scarily
rucbb: scrubby
quall: squally
iiplc: spicily
rpakl: sparkly
erroc: sorcery
erolb: soberly
ttuol: stoutly
rtign: stringy
akllc: slackly
eripc: spicery
erosn: sensory
eripd: spidery
uikll: sulkily
ikllc: slickly
riafc: scarify
ethkc: sketchy
tighl: sightly
ruoav: savoury
errug: surgery
ruamm: summary
uodln: soundly
ruffc: scruffy
erpal: sparely
iffln: sniffly
uisdb: subsidy
etioc: society
weoam: someway
ruill: surlily
eekll: sleekly
pashl: splashy
ertak: streaky
8
tiigln: stingily
eislbn: sensibly
tiifhl: shiftily
uiflln: sinfully
rtioon: sonority
rtuidl: sturdily
rtahcc: scratchy
qerual: squarely
eollnm: solemnly
eollvn: slovenly
rtiagn: stingray
wrtiaa: stairway
rtuicn: scrutiny
ioalcb: sociably
euallx: sexually
ertthc: stretchy
rttuaa: statuary
eolcvn: solvency
tiiodl: solidity
ippaln: snappily
tighll: slightly
rtaggl: straggly
tuialb: suitably
eeerln: serenely
rrtioo: sorority
euddln: suddenly
ripall: spirally
etiadl: steadily
eradlc: sacredly
etiiln: senility
eruplb: superbly
rttilc: strictly
iipflm: simplify
ertymm: symmetry
tiiklc: stickily
eiakln: sneakily
etilln: silently
eaaglv: savagely
eeipll: sleepily
weepad: speedway
rioddl: sordidly
etipfl: selfpity
rtiaan: sanitary
ertisl: sisterly
tiialn: salinity
eooglx: sexology
tialcn: scantily
ttuifl: stultify
eerhcc: screechy
ertuic: security
rtiasc: sacristy
riaalv: salivary
iiodfl: solidify
ettahl: stealthy
tioklc: stockily
eodlcn: secondly
eertin: serenity
tiaagc: sagacity
rtuaal: salutary
rtuaad: saturday
eertiv: severity
eriall: serially
eoodbm: somebody
qeuhlc: squelchy
ioddhl: shoddily
rtiacc: scarcity
ioallc: socially
eraagv: savagery
toohlm: smoothly
eralcc: scarcely
eetadl: sedately
ettulb: subtlety
erttag: strategy
yophnm: symphony
tuipdl: stupidly
rtipas: sparsity
wetial: sweatily
eertlc: secretly
eeipdl: speedily
eerulc: securely
ioppll: sloppily
erobbn: snobbery
rtioal: solitary
erippl: slippery
erolbm: sombrely
yyonnm: synonymy
wwtoaa: stowaway
erpasl: sparsely
erolbb: slobbery
erullc: scullery
eeerlv: severely
eullln: sullenly
iahlbb: shabbily
tiafcn: sanctify
werdhl: shrewdly
ertihl: slithery
iaglln: signally
erianm: seminary
ttiacn: sanctity
rtogln: strongly
ertiob: sobriety
tiodll: stolidly
eriodl: soldiery
eroogl: serology
typahm: sympathy
9
wertoah: seaworthy
uuiosln: sinuously
tioallc: stoically
eerrtac: secretary
eerilcn: sincerely
ooohlcb: schoolboy
erttiil: sterility
woahlll: shallowly
ertagln: strangely
ertidcn: stridency
rtiopsh: sophistry
iigllnm: smilingly
eerallv: severally
eisfhll: selfishly
ertiicn: sincerity
tipaall: spatially
euaslln: sensually
rruoagc: surrogacy
etiolnm: solemnity
ruialmm: summarily
ioooglc: sociology
euillbm: sublimely
eerdlln: slenderly
eroadcn: secondary
eruiosl: seriously
uifklll: skilfully
eerillv: servilely
rtuialb: salubrity
erupacm: supremacy
ioallcn: sonically
tuahlcn: staunchly
rtipghl: sprightly
rtttuoa: statutory
roahllc: scholarly
ttiialb: stability
etipalc: specialty
ttuiipd: stupidity
iashllv: slavishly
ryaallb: syllabary
taagcnn: stagnancy
eertadn: sedentary
etuialx: sexuality
etihklc: sketchily
uuoflll: soulfully
ertiion: seniority
iialcbn: sibilancy
ruualbn: sublunary
eeiglnm: seemingly
eriodll: soldierly
rtioagn: signatory
ertuohl: southerly
rtuaacn: sanctuary
eerrtoc: secretory
tyishll: stylishly
eeruplm: supremely
uiaflbm: subfamily
ripagln: sparingly
eipallc: specially
ertiilv: servility
ryohcnn: synchrony
rioagln: soaringly
tuiilbm: sublimity
riiallm: similarly
ttiiodl: stolidity
erruhbb: shrubbery
10
eeipshhl: sheepishly
eiallccn: scenically
werrrtab: strawberry
ttiishkl: skittishly
tuilcccn: succinctly
ruiaglln: singularly
rtiioadl: solidarity
weeipgln: sweepingly
etuipfll: spitefully
errtuial: surreality
eessflll: selflessly
ioshlbbn: snobbishly
wiiglnmm: swimmingly
eeooglln: selenology
euoppsdl: supposedly
ruofllcn: scornfully
etiipalc: speciality
rttioaan: stationary
ertiipdl: spiritedly
tuiiollb: solubility
ttiaallc: statically
eioosglm: seismology
eipddlln: splendidly
uisgghll: sluggishly
etuiasln: sensuality
euuosdll: sedulously
eeriglnn: sneeringly
ertiisln: sinisterly
erttioan: stationery
eertpaal: separately
tuiglnnn: stunningly
erttidln: stridently
rtiiialm: similarity
ertuiazn: suzerainty
rtiopgln: sportingly
uiopaslc: spaciously
ioghklcn: shockingly
tiaghlcn: scathingly
eoaaslbn: seasonably
ettiahll: stealthily
ruiagllc: surgically
euafhllm: shamefully
tiiiplcm: simplicity
rtiigkln: strikingly
ertigcnn: stringency
tuuiosdl: studiously
rtuolbbn: stubbornly
tiifglln: stiflingly
eeassllm: seamlessly
uiiadllc: suicidally
eerpalcn: screenplay
ruooosln: sonorously
ruiiasdb: subsidiary
etopssll: spotlessly
ruuiopsl: spuriously
eoaaslln: seasonally
euuossln: sensuously
tiooghln: soothingly
yopahccn: sycophancy
11
eertiogvn: sovereignty
erioadlcn: secondarily
rtttuioal: statutorily
etioaasln: seasonality
rtiiaallc: satirically
eertoopsc: stereoscopy
eettiilcv: selectivity
eruudggkl: skulduggery
rtuiiagln: singularity
ripagklln: sparklingly
ettaasdfl: steadfastly
riighklnn: shrinkingly
eeessslln: senselessly
ertuuosln: strenuously
tuiialbmm: summability
eiipaflcb: specifiably
euossdlln: soundlessly
ertuuipfl: superfluity
eertiadnm: sedimentary
tiaaallcn: satanically
ettiopann: spontaneity
tuuuopslm: sumptuously
qeuiashlm: squeamishly
etiiislbn: sensibility
eriighlvn: shiveringly
tuiaaslbn: sustainably
eertiipdn: serendipity
euiiffccn: sufficiency
eriaghlcn: searchingly
etissghll: sightlessly
erttiglnn: stringently
eeetillcv: selectively
etiiaallb: saleability
etiiipfcc: specificity
eruipaflm: superfamily
ertiipadn: stipendiary
eeasshllm: shamelessly
tiigghlln: slightingly
wrruoofll: sorrowfully
tiiaallcb: scalability
tuigllbnm: stumblingly
eripahllc: spherically
rrtioaall: sartorially
erruiopsv: supervisory
qerruiahc: squirearchy
ertopaghn: stenography
rttiaglln: startlingly
uioaasglc: sagaciously
eetiislvn: sensitively
etipallcc: sceptically
ttuiiialb: suitability
tiiioalcb: sociability
eeertilcv: secretively
errtuiiop: superiority
rtuiipall: spiritually
ettiiisvn: sensitivity
eiigklcnn: sickeningly
eriaglcnm: screamingly
rttuioalm: stimulatory
eetuidlcv: seductively
12
wrttiaaagh: straightaway
rruiipsgln: surprisingly
ertiipaalb: separability
eeepsshllc: speechlessly
ertooppscc: spectroscopy
uiioasdlln: sinusoidally
eeuisslccv: successively
tyiiasfgln: satisfyingly
rrttipaagh: stratigraphy
qeetuuslbn: subsequently
eripaahllc: seraphically
eetuijlcvb: subjectively
ruuuopsllc: scrupulously
tiiaasdllc: sadistically
rtuiiiasdb: subsidiarity
etuiifflcn: sufficiently
rtiipaghcn: scintigraphy
euussfllcc: successfully
erttiaghln: shatteringly
riopaadllc: sporadically
eiipafllcc: specifically
etuuopsdln: stupendously
rttuiiipal: spirituality
euiisslvbm: submissively
eeruislvvb: subversively
ettuiialnm: simultaneity
eetuisgglv: suggestively
yyuooslnnm: synonymously
etiaallcnm: semantically
yioalllcbm: symbolically
rttioaasfc: satisfactory
etyiasllcm: systemically
eerrttopcm: spectrometry
uuiiopsslc: suspiciously
ettuiijcvb: subjectivity
rrttuuallc: structurally
uoaasdllcn: scandalously
uiialllbnm: subliminally
iiooooglcb: sociobiology
tuiioosllc: solicitously
eruudggkll: skullduggery
etyuipfgln: stupefyingly
eeaadfhlcm: shamefacedly
qeetuialln: sequentially
rioaadllcn: sardonically
ertiagggln: staggeringly
13
tuioaffglcn: suffocatingly
tiiiafglcnn: significantly
rtuiiialvvb: survivability
erttiaagllc: strategically
ettuiaslvbn: substantively
ttuiaasllbn: substantially
etuoopaslnn: spontaneously
ttyiiaslllc: stylistically
eruiipafllc: superficially
ttuiioaalln: situationally
eettuioslnn: sententiously
iopaasdllcm: spasmodically
eettiallnnm: sentimentally
eertuppalnm: supplementary
eerrruupanm: supernumerary
ryuooshlcnn: synchronously
eetuipallcv: speculatively
ertupaallcc: spectacularly
ttyiaallccn: syntactically
ertyiallcmm: symmetrically
tyiioallcbm: symbiotically
rtyiiohccnn: synchronicity
etioaasllnn: sensationally
etiaahllccm: schematically
eertuipallv: superlatively
ettyiahllcn: synthetically
rtiaaasllcc: sarcastically
tttiiaasllc: statistically
erttuialcvb: subtractively
eruuuopsfll: superfluously
14
ertttiiahlcb: stretchability
etuuuoaslcbn: subcutaneously
ertuiiipaflc: superficiality
uuioosslccbn: subconsciously
eruuiiopsllc: superciliously
erttiosdghhl: shortsightedly
iioooaglllcc: sociologically
ettyiaasllcm: systematically
errtuupaalln: supernaturally
ttuiiiaaslbn: sustainability
ettuiiisgglb: suggestibility
eruiopasllcn: supersonically
ettuiiipslcb: susceptibility
etuuioasllnm: simultaneously
rttiioaasflc: satisfactorily
eertiiialcvb: serviceability
etiiiafllccn: scientifically
eeiiddgllnnm: singlemindedly
eetttiialnnm: sentimentality
eeiaddghllnn: singlehandedly
tiiipaslllcm: simplistically
rttuiioppalb: supportability
15
ettyipaahllcm: sympathetically
tyiopaahllccn: sycophantically
eertuiiopsdln: serendipitously
eerttyiopallc: stereotypically
errttuuiiopsl: surreptitiously
eertuiosfghll: selfrighteously
erttuuiiopssl: superstitiously
euioossfllccn: selfconsciously
ttyiopaallcmm: symptomatically
16
eertioopasllcc: stereoscopically
17
wrrrttioaadfghl: straightforwardly
eerrtttooopphcm: spectrophotometry
errttiopaashllc: stratospherically
erttuuiiopdccvn: superconductivity
eriiopahhllzccn: schizophrenically
ertiooppasllccc: spectroscopically

sx
8
opallm: smallpox
uoffbn: snuffbox
eruipf: superfix
3
i: six
e: sex
4
ty: styx
6
tyan: syntax
iphn: sphinx
rtua: surtax
uiff: suffix
7
eoohb: shoebox
oopab: soapbox
eiplm: simplex

ss
3
i: sis
o: sos
4
ac: sacs
ag: sags
ee: sees
ip: sips
ea: seas
up: sups
ik: skis
in: sins
eu: sues
et: sets
wo: sows
pa: saps, spas
ti: sits
ri: sirs
we: sews
wa: saws
ya: says
on: sons
od: sods
ob: sobs
um: sums
un: suns
ud: suds
ub: subs
5
alm: slams
rta: stars
ugl: slugs
roa: soars
edh: sheds
edn: sends
edl: sleds
alv: slavs
uop: soups
ell: sells
wek: skews
wep: spews
wet: stews
adn: sands
iph: ships
uol: souls
uhn: shuns
alb: slabs
okc: socks
opa: soaps
opl: slops
oph: shops
upm: sumps
eex: sexes
eep: seeps
eer: seers
eem: seems
eek: seeks
eed: seeds
olb: slobs
tip: spits
uok: souks
wop: swops
wol: slows
won: snows
woh: shows
era: sears
ruo: sours
rul: slurs
wan: swans
ruf: surfs
tuh: shuts
tui: suits
rto: sorts
tul: sluts
tum: smuts
tun: stuns
rup: spurs
tud: studs
ikn: sinks, skins
ikm: skims
ikl: silks
obn: snobs
acb: scabs
etp: steps
ett: setts
wta: swats
ilm: slims
acn: scans
acm: scams
etc: sects
eta: seats
idk: skids
akc: sacks
wim: swims
eti: sites, sties
etm: stems
ipk: skips
ahh: shahs
ipn: snips, spins
wis: swiss
ipl: slips
ahm: shams
rpa: spars
ihn: shins
tub: stubs
ial: sails
wag: swags
top: spots, stops
wad: swads
wab: swabs
yal: slays
toh: shots
ukl: sulks
too: soots
tol: slots
toc: scots
wto: stows, swots
ukc: sucks
eak: sakes
eam: seams
eal: sales, seals
eag: sages
eaf: safes
ogm: smogs
ogl: slogs
ogn: songs
eav: saves
eip: spies
aag: sagas
eix: sixes
eiz: sizes
erf: serfs
eid: sides
ulm: slums
eih: shies
eik: skies
ero: sores
eri: sires
ein: sines
rac: scars
uin: sinus
uak: skuas
tag: stags
tab: stabs
tal: salts, slats
ria: saris
oaf: sofas
oad: sodas
rti: stirs
oam: somas
oak: soaks
til: silts, slits
tin: snits
ypa: spays
tik: skits
ign: signs, sings
tif: sifts
pal: slaps
pan: snaps, spans
igh: sighs
tya: stays
iol: soils
agh: shags
ubn: snubs
wpa: swaps
agn: snags
agl: slags
tpa: spats
udc: scuds
eoh: shoes
eon: sones
eol: soles
wya: sways
epc: specs
6
eron: snores
eocn: scones
wahl: shawls
etov: stoves
wahc: schwas
iopl: spoils
erob: sobers
eroc: scores
eton: stones
rypa: sprays
etok: stokes
eroh: shores
ttil: stilts
erop: spores
wram: swarms
wian: swains
weta: sweats
eash: sashes
eahk: shakes
euac: sauces
rikm: smirks
ruii: sirius
eern: sneers
eahm: shames
rton: snorts
rtom: storms
eahv: shaves
eerv: serves, severs
rtoh: shorts
woon: swoons
ruag: sugars
tuff: stuffs
epdn: spends
wrta: straws
uish: sushis
ttun: stunts
etal: slates, steals
ipll: spills
oaxn: saxons
ttoa: stoats
oopl: spools
tign: stings
tohl: sloths
wiaz: swazis
tyul: stylus
eakn: snakes, sneaks
takl: stalks
oahl: shoals
tokc: stocks
rocn: scorns
tikn: stinks
rtya: satyrs, strays
wera: swears
racm: scrams
eihk: sheiks
erta: stares
ertn: sterns
eihn: shines
tpam: stamps
pasm: spasms
adlc: scalds
rtup: spurts
taff: staffs
oaln: salons
epac: spaces
epad: spades
etav: staves
epah: shapes
tihx: sixths
palc: scalps
epak: speaks
erts: stress
tafh: shafts
rupn: spurns
eepl: sleeps
rupl: slurps
tipl: splits
rpak: sparks
eepd: speeds
radh: shards
raln: snarls
etag: stages
eolv: solves
rucm: scrums
rucb: scrubs
etam: steams
eetp: steeps
etak: skates, stakes, steaks
eipc: spices
erug: surges
rttu: struts
rtok: storks
eipk: spikes
eipn: snipes, spines
tias: stasis
aadl: salads
erum: serums
tian: saints, satins, stains
wein: sinews, swines
rtta: starts
weip: swipes
eecn: scenes
etyl: styles
tall: stalls
epll: spells
ruhb: shrubs
eokm: smokes
woop: swoops
eesn: senses
wolc: scowls
roan: sonars
eeri: series
rtia: stairs
allm: smalls
ttua: status
yphl: sylphs
epkc: specks
eadh: shades
tifh: shifts
tuop: spouts
rtop: sports, strops
uplm: slumps
wrod: swords
ukkl: skulks
ukkn: skunks
tuoh: shouts
tadn: stands
ttin: stints
tuon: snouts
ripg: sprigs
tuoc: scouts
weep: sweeps
ealv: slaves
tikc: sticks
etpa: stapes
quid: squids
uiad: saudis
rafc: scarfs
eran: snares
ealb: sables
ealc: scales
quib: squibs
eert: steers
etcn: scents
etta: states
oopf: spoofs
igln: slings
tigh: sights
tooc: scoots
eeig: sieges
tupm: stumps
tihm: smiths
tool: stools
tooh: shoots
eevn: sevens
tuhn: shunts
erip: spires
toop: stoops
eeiv: sieves
quad: squads
okcm: smocks
eeiz: seizes
ryup: syrups
qtua: squats
erin: sirens
yodn: synods
wtif: swifts
uacb: scubas
wpan: spawns
werc: screws
wpam: swamps
erdh: sherds, shreds
tioc: stoics
werh: shrews
wero: sowers
erik: skiers
rtih: shirts
rtik: skirts
ehll: shells
erab: sabres
erac: scares
rugh: shrugs
rahk: sharks
wril: swirls
eidl: slides
eram: smears
ialn: snails
eedg: sedges
erah: shares, shears
erav: savers
eilm: slimes, smiles
rpah: sharps
erih: shires
erif: serifs
rtip: strips
eilc: slices
rpac: scraps
aabm: sambas
wign: swings
eelv: selves
rtpa: sprats, straps
erpa: spares, spears
till: stills
topm: stomps
takc: stacks
ruoc: scours
eopc: scopes
eopl: slopes
aklc: slacks
rtam: smarts
eopk: spokes
etui: suites
ellm: smells
eohv: shoves
eekl: sleeks
uffn: snuffs
ukll: skulls
eeth: sheets
eetl: sleets, steels
iffn: sniffs
akcm: smacks
weer: sewers
akcn: snacks
eetd: steeds
weet: sweets
iodl: solids
odlc: scolds
taln: slants
oopc: scoops
oopn: snoops, spoons
raab: sabras
ohkc: shocks
well: swells
oopk: spooks
iklc: slicks
ahkn: shanks
eign: singes
uodn: sounds
ullc: sculls
ahkc: shacks
uaan: saunas
ikll: skills
pakn: spanks
erto: stores
7
erppa: sappers
riphm: shrimps
eerdc: screeds
rupas: surpass
eeudc: seduces
eerdn: senders
rtoll: strolls
eohlv: shovels
eerll: sellers
ertyo: storeys
etokc: sockets
etyhc: scythes
eralv: salvers, slavers
iidgn: sidings
rttoa: stators
yiagn: sayings
tishc: schists
eruff: suffers
eeelv: sleeves
etuhl: sleuths
easdn: sadness
erilm: smilers
ettua: statues
eeign: seeings
eiiss: sissies
erilv: silvers, slivers
eikcn: sickens
eroak: soakers
toohm: smooths
etacn: stances
yuadn: sundays
euisn: sinuses
riaaf: safaris
tuimm: summits
eeruc: secures
ooaln: saloons
erupg: spurges
eoalc: solaces
etahh: sheaths
eodcn: seconds
eruio: serious
tipln: splints
etahc: sachets
rtuio: suitors
eerrv: servers
qtuin: squints
eipln: splines
riogn: signors
eeedc: secedes
eercn: screens
wyuab: subways
etuol: solutes
eeeth: seethes
eudgm: smudges
wralc: scrawls
werya: sawyers
tuiod: studios
erohn: senhors
yolbm: symbols
etpal: staples
rtipc: scripts
eruac: saucers
erupp: suppers
ripan: sprains
errto: sorters
oaasm: samosas
eeett: settees
yophn: syphons
erron: snorers
qruim: squirms
eiacb: scabies
euadn: sundaes
wrroo: sorrows
eopgn: sponges
rttua: stratus
euudb: subdues
taazn: stanzas
uuion: sinuous
eysln: slyness
ioalc: socials
erikn: sinkers
euklc: suckles
weeas: seesaws
eetpp: steppes
erokm: smokers
ertuu: sutures
raalc: scalars
ertak: skaters, streaks
eracm: screams
uonmm: summons
eusln: sunless
qeuin: sequins
eracv: scarves
ishcm: schisms
eedgl: sledges
eiklc: sickles
aadln: sandals
eiplc: splices
weerk: skewers
ertob: sorbets
eaddn: saddens
qeuak: squeaks
eaddl: saddles
etash: stashes
qeual: squeals
weroh: showers
eerto: stereos
iagvn: savings
tualn: sultans
etual: salutes
ruodh: shrouds
ttiac: statics
wrpal: sprawls
oallm: slaloms
rttia: straits
erilc: slicers
eoasn: seasons
eerph: spheres
eeipc: species
eertt: setters, streets
qwuak: squawks
ripal: spirals
oagln: slogans
erign: signers, singers
ripgn: springs
etisx: sexists
etoxn: sextons
etuid: studies
etysm: systems
eigln: singles
oohlc: schools
eertc: secrets
tuibm: submits
tiasd: sadists
eripd: spiders
eruoc: sources
eilzz: sizzles
ruupl: surplus
ruubb: suburbs
qeeul: sequels
erinn: sinners
uoghn: shoguns
rollc: scrolls
euilc: sluices
rihll: shrills
etofn: softens
etooh: soothes
erryu: surreys
euscc: success
eepln: spleens
etoog: stooges
rtign: strings
oalnm: salmons
eetim: semites
iagln: signals
eridl: sliders
eetan: senates
rtuop: sprouts, stupors
rtadn: strands
etusb: subsets
eetad: sedates
eiilm: similes
eashl: slashes
eashm: smashes
etifl: stifles
erihv: shivers
etusn: sunsets
erumm: summers
eeahv: sheaves
tiign: sitings
iophn: siphons
qerui: squires
ertam: streams
eryuv: surveys
quall: squalls
etonn: sonnets
erihk: shrieks
eehlv: shelves
wetah: swathes
ertok: stokers, strokes
erihn: shrines
ertav: starves
rtipn: sprints
weilv: swivels
yipgn: spyings
woadh: shadows
qrtui: squirts
eripp: sippers
ericb: scribes
erahv: shavers
erahk: shakers
tiocm: sitcoms
ertoc: sectors
eripn: snipers
eripm: simpers
eidhl: shields
erosn: sensors
ertti: sitters
eihhk: sheikhs
erolv: solvers
qerua: squares
aahnm: shamans
eisln: sinless
eudbn: sunbeds
erimm: simmers
eetlc: selects
erion: seniors
eyshn: shyness
epalm: samples
eaagv: savages
eettx: sextets
ertal: slaters
eryal: slayers
tighl: slights
ruoav: savours
eehcm: schemes
rioal: sailors
etias: siestas
eehkl: shekels
ertiv: strives
eettl: settles
eushl: slushes
etiix: sixties
tiagm: stigmas
erukc: suckers
ertis: sisters
eeral: sealers
eahcm: schemas
eeezn: sneezes
iaalm: salamis
eighl: sleighs
rtpaa: satraps
eoozn: snoozes
erodl: solders
iaalv: salivas
erpah: seraphs, shapers
etanm: stamens
ertya: stayers
rihkn: shrinks
weerv: swerves
erpac: scrapes, spacers
euops: spouses
erpad: spreads
ertid: strides
weoac: seacows
ertif: sifters, strifes
ertia: satires
erruf: surfers
rtian: strains
eeerk: seekers
ertio: sorties, stories
ertin: sinters
eettp: septets
ertik: strikes
toaan: sonatas
eeacn: seances
etalb: stables
ertip: sprites, stripes
eiall: sallies
taavn: savants
erial: serials
rtiip: spirits
eronm: sermons
weign: sewings
eeslx: sexless
erroc: scorers
8
tioosl: soloists
yiopsn: synopsis
ertuvb: subverts
etiicm: semitics
eeisxn: sexiness
eriopl: spoilers
eruddh: shudders
eethcn: stenches
eetiaf: safeties
etupsc: suspects
erpahn: sharpens
etaaln: sealants
eipdln: spindles
ioagkn: soakings
wetihc: switches
iogbbn: sobbings
euippl: supplies
eethkc: sketches
ruooon: sonorous
eerakn: sneakers
etighl: sleights
erilmm: slimmers
oopahm: shampoos
euagll: seagulls
ipagcn: spacings
wrropa: sparrows
errtta: starters
eruidn: sundries
qeuash: squashes
eiskln: skinless
etujcb: subjects
eripnn: spinners
eyidkv: skydives
ertopp: stoppers
tipasc: spastics
eeerpl: sleepers
ttiign: sittings
tuaaln: sultanas
eetgnm: segments
euisdb: subsides
eroopn: snoopers
uuccbm: succumbs
ttioan: stations
eeasfn: safeness
etusgg: suggests
etakcb: setbacks
euuosn: sensuous
eupsdn: suspends
riioln: sirloins
eiskcn: sickness
eruanm: surnames
eopdgl: splodges
etiagn: seatings
eerpll: spellers
eyikln: skylines
rtuopp: supports
weidln: swindles
erohkc: shockers
eeasnm: sameness
ruifgn: surfings
weyoam: someways
etopsl: spotless
euopps: supposes
roopsn: sponsors
ertihl: slithers
eusgnn: snugness
etolvn: solvents
rropan: sporrans
wertad: stewards
ertudl: strudels
eepklc: speckles
eerosn: soreness
eiossn: sessions
iadghn: shadings
eerthl: shelters
ertohm: smothers
ertohn: shortens
erttua: statures
eraddl: saddlers
etipdn: stipends
rtipan: spirants
aadgbn: sandbags
etiffn: stiffens
ttyisl: stylists
ppahcn: schnapps
euiffc: suffices
epagln: spangles
tuaasm: satsumas
eradln: slanders
eipaln: spaniels
yuallb: syllabus
uaslcb: subclass
weyiad: sideways
ettuhl: shuttles
etiosn: stenosis
etopsn: stepsons
epashl: splashes
eertpc: sceptres, spectres
raascm: sarcasms
uiadln: sundials
eruogn: surgeons
euusbm: subsumes
tuopsn: sunspots
eruplc: scruples
taahbb: sabbaths
erttuh: shutters
eriplc: splicers
erttop: spotters
uiopac: spacious
eypasn: synapses
ertalc: scarlets
erihmm: shimmers
euiopc: specious
tuoplb: subplots
euffln: snuffles
eahlbm: shambles
ertopa: seaports
tuipkn: sputniks
tuuilm: stimulus
iaghvn: shavings
eropph: shoppers
eufflc: scuffles
eertpn: serpents
eaaglv: salvages
etttua: statutes
rttupa: startups
eislnm: slimness
eisgnn: sensings
erruic: scurries
eertam: steamers
eeruiz: seizures
euilbm: sublimes
weeskn: skewness
eertal: stealers
etyosl: systoles
eeephc: speeches
eerrih: sherries
ertoag: storages
eruosn: sourness
weeead: seaweeds
etilcn: stencils
werppa: swappers
ertikn: stinkers
weosln: slowness
ertasl: starless
riossc: scissors
iiglcn: slicings
toahll: shallots
errypa: sprayers
euggln: snuggles
ertakl: stalkers
ruuiop: spurious
ettign: settings
eeaslm: seamless
eyopsn: synopses
erihlv: shrivels
eeilcn: silences
eraklc: slackers
errtik: strikers
eupahk: shakeups
eesfll: selfless
tuiasn: sustains
erigvn: servings
eryign: syringes
errpac: scrapers
werimm: swimmers
woahll: shallows
ertuid: studiers
weeetn: sweetens
ertooh: shooters, soothers
eruafc: surfaces
ruubnn: sunburns
erpalm: samplers
eertss: stresses
ertign: stingers
ettaxn: sextants
aadlcn: scandals
eruism: surmises
erpakl: sparkles
ertavn: servants
euiffx: suffixes
eiffln: sniffles
eracnn: scanners
rtpaan: spartans
erttal: starlets, startles
eeoshl: shoeless
euiidc: suicides
ertuan: saunters
eriggn: sniggers
wryadk: skywards
euosll: soulless
etippn: snippets
eeudcc: succeeds
euohlc: slouches
eertin: sentries
erokln: snorkels
weerra: swearers
erttah: shatters
etiocn: sections
eugglm: smuggles
etulbm: stumbles
tuissb: subsists
ettuas: statuses
eeertc: secretes
eeetpn: steepens
eeetpl: steeples
eyoabn: soybeans
ertikc: stickers
eerpak: speakers
ertifh: shifters
iiggnn: signings
erulbm: slumbers
tuuiod: studious
iopffn: spinoffs
ipagln: saplings
wiallm: sawmills
errtom: stormers
tyopmm: symptoms
ertuoh: shouters
eerahc: searches
ertoan: senators
qeeeuz: squeezes
ertamm: stammers
weeerp: sweepers
eriadn: sardines
tiaggn: stagings
erolbb: slobbers
erohcc: scorches
eriadb: seabirds
ertoac: socrates
etyupb: subtypes
eertui: sureties
eriknn: skinners
eerudc: seducers
ypasgl: spyglass
etulbb: stubbles
ettulc: scuttles
ettudn: students
wioghn: showings
erttac: scatters
tuiadm: stadiums
epallc: scalpels
ettihc: stitches
eeesdl: seedless
etippl: stipples
eusgnm: smugness
eruogc: scourges
erttpa: spatters
iiglbn: siblings
uafklc: sackfuls
opallc: scallops
weerta: sweaters
tiiolc: solicits
eericv: services
ertttu: stutters
erpann: spanners
eertlm: smelters
erippl: slippers
tuuibn: subunits
eaklcn: slackens
erupps: suppress
etipcc: sceptics
etudbn: subtends
toahcm: stomachs
erippk: skippers
ertuhn: shunters
etahlc: satchels
rrtuip: stirrups
eruisn: sunrises
weraad: seawards
etiahn: shanties
eerpdn: spenders
eighln: shingles
ertahc: starches
tupaal: spatulas
eriaal: salaries
eeiccn: sciences
euusff: suffuses
ettikl: skittles
eerusn: sureness
tuoghn: shotguns
euaasg: sausages
eerttl: settlers
eruivv: survives
etahcn: snatches
eerrik: skerries
eipalc: specials
roahlc: scholars
iiogln: soilings
ertooc: scooters
ertpal: staplers
ertpam: stampers
erianm: seminars
tiopsh: sophists
ryakkl: skylarks
eahklc: shackles
etohcc: scotches
ertagg: staggers
etosfn: softness
tiifgn: siftings
werign: swingers
eerrah: shearers
errrti: stirrers
wwoall: swallows
euabnm: sunbeams
ertiod: steroids
yyonnm: synonyms
eroogc: scrooges
ruioav: saviours
iiagln: sailings
yiiphl: syphilis
eriffh: sheriffs
etyusl: styluses
eriodl: soldiers
euffhl: shuffles
eriffn: sniffers
ruoojn: sojourns
9
etoaagb: sabotages
uigklcn: sucklings
eeuoacb: sebaceous
rtiagln: starlings
wtiaask: swastikas
eruisln: surliness
rtaaddn: standards
eeasdhl: shadeless
eepashl: shapeless
eerrtam: streamers
eisklcn: slickness
riodgbn: songbirds
wrioklm: silkworms
etiiasf: satisfies
euosdnn: soundness
eertthc: stretches
ttioopn: spittoons
iiioslc: silicosis
ettuilb: subtitles
eetslcn: scentless
eryoacm: sycamores
erpadln: spandrels
eruiovn: souvenirs
etuiiod: seditious
eruippl: suppliers
rttuacb: subtracts
erttuil: surtitles
wrtyiaa: stairways
eerrddh: shredders
eertuac: secateurs
etislln: stillness
eerracm: screamers
eeashll: seashells
eerilcn: silencers
ertipln: splinters
wrooohm: showrooms
eiislln: silliness
qeruadn: squanders
eerrpad: spreaders
eetyshn: syntheses
eetiadv: sedatives
rttuohc: shortcuts
euosnmm: summonses
ttuoalb: subtotals
erttuaa: saturates
erttupl: splutters
yiiosbm: symbiosis
rrtiign: stirrings
qeualbb: squabbles
eeipcnm: specimens
tyighkl: skylights
ertoshn: shortness
aadkbnn: sandbanks
etuiasc: suitcases
ertopkc: sprockets
eeetcnn: sentences
tuuuopm: sumptuous
erryuov: surveyors
uioaagc: sagacious
easllnm: smallness
tiadgnn: standings
eioslcm: solecisms
eeertsm: semesters
eeeskln: sleekness
eeidgln: seedlings
ertioan: senoritas
wroopdn: snowdrops
eeessln: senseless
eruiamm: summaries
woaflln: snowfalls
ettaagn: stagnates
eertsnn: sternness
etiasdn: staidness
eralcbm: scrambles
eruidbn: sideburns
weoashc: showcases
eetokln: skeletons
etoppag: stoppages
eerruff: sufferers
rtiigvn: strivings
ertuggl: struggles
ertpasl: strapless
qeeeucn: sequences
eetidnm: sediments
iopadhl: shiploads
etipahm: shipmates
etiasln: saltiness, stainless
eetilnn: sentinels
eertolc: selectors
eruodlm: smoulders
tioalln: stallions
eruffhl: shufflers
eeerhcc: screeches
eertpaa: separates
eeoahlc: shoelaces
ertasnm: smartness
eerrtak: streakers
eeiplxm: simplexes
eetosln: stoneless
eerpdhh: shepherds
eripkln: sprinkles
ruadggl: sluggards
eerrosc: sorceress
etisghl: sightless
errtoll: strollers
rruuodn: surrounds
woallbn: snowballs
uioaalc: salacious
eeeradn: serenades
ertiipf: spitfires
eeetpsn: steepness
ipaglnm: samplings
weeetsn: sweetness
qeuiggl: squiggles
ruiagln: singulars
errtagn: strangers
eerodcn: seconders
eeudhlc: schedules
euipdhl: sulphides
eetiomm: sometimes
eryidkv: skydivers
euiskln: sulkiness
tiigghn: sightings
erttghn: strengths
eepaasc: seascapes
ryipadh: shipyards
eiighln: shielings
errtipn: sprinters
ertaddl: straddles
uoopfln: spoonfuls
eeetivn: seventies
etuiodl: solitudes
tuiooln: solutions
erugglm: smugglers
qruoadn: squadrons
tiogkcn: stockings
eiiifgn: signifies
errtian: strainers
weriadd: sidewards
etioodm: sodomites
eertagn: sergeants
etiacnm: semantics
topashn: snapshots
ertiias: satirises
eeepsll: sleepless
erioslc: sclerosis
rtuoplc: sculptors
etioslc: solstices
tipagnm: stampings
etiphnm: shipments
eettasl: stateless
rttiias: satirists
etyishn: synthesis
uiodgnn: soundings
rtiiacm: scimitars
eryodnm: syndromes
eiadhkn: skinheads
etupahl: sulphates
eertofn: softeners
eruupsl: surpluses
eupascb: subspaces
eroohcn: schooners
eeeisdn: seediness
ertaskn: starkness
tiooghn: shootings
weridln: swindlers
erupass: surpasses
weiglln: swellings
etisffn: stiffness
eerruig: surgeries
erilcbb: scribbles
erpashn: sharpness
eetipsd: sidesteps
raadcbb: scabbards
eeiipfc: specifies
eeopdgh: sheepdogs
eupaacn: saucepans
tiopsgn: signposts
erttipl: splitters
errpakl: sparklers
ertishl: shirtless
erruiop: superiors
qerruil: squirrels
eeusscc: successes
eiipfcc: specifics
euiisdb: subsidies
eerrahc: searchers
eeroslc: scoreless
ettuosn: stoutness
ertuuon: strenuous
wetisfn: swiftness
eerugbm: submerges
eioodln: solenoids
ertoagh: shortages
eeroash: seashores
ertosgn: songsters
etuialm: simulates
euosdln: soundless
wtuodhn: shutdowns
ripagcn: scrapings
tiagbbn: stabbings
ruialvv: survivals
wtuiism: swimsuits
tuiiisn: sinusitis
eiiskln: silkiness
eyalllb: syllables
erippah: sapphires
ertahcn: snatchers
qerttua: squatters
weiosdh: sideshows
eipglln: spellings
eiaddbn: sidebands
eiosknm: smokiness
etophlc: splotches
ertahcc: scratches
ertuogn: sturgeons
ertipsn: spinsters
euiascn: sauciness
eipagll: spillages
errtipp: strippers
ruuopgb: subgroups
errucbb: scrubbers
etisfhl: shiftless
eepaaln: seaplanes
eeruicn: sinecures
eeosklm: smokeless
eeiidln: sidelines
tioacnn: sanctions
eruodhl: shoulders
ertuoab: saboteurs
eerrroc: sorcerers
eerraaf: seafarers
ertagln: strangles
eetasln: staleness
rioopcn: scorpions
erruips: surprises
eetiioc: societies
wrttaal: stalwarts
rruiovv: survivors
weeipgn: sweepings
eeipsln: spineless
oadfflc: scaffolds
ipagknn: spankings
eerrihk: shriekers
eeashlm: shameless
etiialc: silicates
eeershn: sheerness
easklcn: slackness
ttioskc: stockists
eiosdln: solidness
10
eeuppsln: suppleness
tyopahcn: sycophants
etyussbm: subsystems
eriosddn: sordidness
ertuiicn: scrutinies
eriiafcc: sacrifices
eruiabnm: submarines
eeruillc: sculleries
eruodlcn: scoundrels
uiiopscn: suspicions
uiognnmm: summonings
eeruipsv: supervises
eiashbbn: shabbiness
etuascbn: substances
eerttiag: strategies
etaadghn: stagehands
eruosscc: successors
eruopdln: splendours
eruoadln: slanderous
eeeesllv: sleeveless
eoopahxn: saxophones
ertuahbn: sunbathers
euasslcb: subclasses
eriaglln: signallers
ertiioon: sonorities
erttioan: stationers
ertiaasc: staircases
erishlln: shrillness
eeruoslc: sourceless
uoaadlcn: scandalous
errtuopp: supporters
erralcbm: scramblers
eiiaflnm: semifinals
eeipshkn: sheepskins
eettaalm: stalemates
erttiscn: strictness
ettuabnn: subtenants
eerigcnn: screenings
etipashm: steamships
etyiadcn: syndicates
eertuiic: securities
ruuuoplc: scrupulous
ttuiioan: situations
etiiskcn: stickiness
roopakcb: scrapbooks
eetpalcc: spectacles
qeeerucn: sequencers
rrypaadc: scrapyards
eerradln: slanderers
errtaagz: stargazers
eruiscbb: subscribes
eertisgh: sightseers
ertupslc: sculptress
erttooam: staterooms
wrtoosnm: snowstorms
ttuialnm: stimulants
eeertagg: segregates
tuiioolc: solicitous
rtuiopcb: subtropics
rttiioan: striations
etiiafcn: sanctifies
ertiiasn: sanitisers
etiiaslb: stabilises
etyipahm: sympathies
ttiipgln: splittings
eippashc: spaceships
errttuuc: structures
erttaagm: stratagems
eyuasllb: syllabuses
eeusllnn: sullenness
wrtiodfn: snowdrifts
eerrttac: scatterers
eetupalc: speculates
eerrrudn: surrenders
weoafkln: snowflakes
ertiiacc: scarcities
tioahcnn: stanchions
eruiffgn: sufferings
eeruppss: suppresses
eeriipfc: specifiers
ettiiscn: scientists
eerasdcn: sacredness
ertiaadn: steradians
ttyiislc: stylistics
etiahccm: schematics
eettiall: satellites
tiioaslc: socialists
ertiphcn: sphincters
erttuibm: submitters
erroadcc: scorecards
eioppsln: sloppiness
tuippaln: suppliants
erttopac: spectators
eeerupsd: supersedes
eiosddhn: shoddiness
tyioslbm: symbolists
ertuuplc: sculptures
eiopsgnn: sponginess
eettuilb: subtleties
erttuasb: substrates
etiascnn: scantiness
euisflnn: sinfulness
eruiasmm: summarises
rruuiolc: scurrilous
errtupas: superstars
weoasdhl: shadowless
erippadn: sandpipers
eeriogvn: sovereigns
eettttua: statuettes
weeiipsd: sideswipes
eyiophnm: symphonies
rtuioalm: simulators
ertuiodb: subeditors
erioaddb: sideboards
eeriohln: shorelines
eerrtthc: stretchers
wpaadlnm: swamplands
rtuiipal: spirituals
wertiall: stairwells
tuiaslcm: simulcasts
errtooom: storerooms
weiadhcn: sandwiches
weriophn: shipowners
eetttanm: statements
eerudhlc: schedulers
etiopklc: stockpiles
eeuipscb: subspecies
eettuplx: sextuplets
etioasnn: sensations
rtoafhll: shortfalls
rtiioolc: solicitors
erriipdn: spindriers
ertualbn: subalterns
weeiophc: showpieces
eyuoaggn: synagogues
etuipasc: spacesuits
eeropahm: semaphores
ertuaghl: slaughters
erttiiaf: stratifies
eeepshlc: speechless
etuiodcn: seductions
weertasd: stewardess
euassgln: sunglasses
weertokl: steelworks
euiissdb: subsidises
yiosgllm: syllogisms
ettoaabm: steamboats
eertusgg: suggesters
werroacc: scarecrows
eertyimm: symmetries
errtagln: stranglers
etiidghl: sidelights
rtuipscb: subscripts
yooohlcb: schoolboys
ruupaglm: sugarplums
ertuiagn: signatures
erruoojn: sojourners
weepakll: sleepwalks
eerpaadh: spearheads
eeruscnn: sunscreens
errtopaa: separators
errtuipc: scriptures
ruuuophl: sulphurous
eetiolcn: selections
eeiosscn: secessions
tttiiasc: statistics
erripkln: sprinklers
eeruphlc: sepulchres
errilcbb: scribblers
eealcbnm: semblances
ruuioalb: salubrious
eerosbnm: sombreness
eriishkm: skirmishes
etuuopdn: stupendous
etiisfhn: shiftiness
etooshnm: smoothness
eeroahkm: shoemakers
eetopadb: speedboats
eyioslbm: symbolises
yooadhlc: schooldays
eruaadfg: safeguards
eeisskcn: sicknesses
eettinnm: sentiments
eioolcnm: semicolons
eeetasdn: sedateness
etioplnm: simpletons
weeeertn: sweeteners
qeeruasn: squareness
wetopash: sweatshops
eerupsdn: suspenders
eiiiodfl: solidifies
riopgkbn: springboks
etoasdnn: sandstones
eaaddglb: saddlebags
eerpassn: sparseness
erruaghc: surcharges
eertiocn: secretions
ertyioln: storylines
etopaagc: scapegoats
ettuipal: stipulates
eeragcvn: scavengers
eerasccn: scarceness
weersdhn: shrewdness
eiiipflm: simplifies
weriphkc: shipwrecks
etuoaffc: suffocates
ttiopghl: spotlights
uuiiopsc: suspicious
wwerroad: swearwords
ertaacnm: sacraments
rryuigcn: scurryings
rtoopfhn: shopfronts
eetiasdn: steadiness
eeeipsln: sleepiness
ertiipsl: spiritless
weiodfln: snowfields
ettuialm: stimulates
errtuoag: surrogates
weeettam: sweetmeats
eertassm: seamstress
errttuic: strictures
eerrpahn: sharpeners
errtaggl: stragglers
yyuoonnm: synonymous
etuisffn: stuffiness
eeriianm: seminaries
rioadgbn: signboards
ettyihcn: synthetics
tuioanmm: summations
eeusddnn: suddenness
wrtuoadh: southwards
eeisglnn: singleness
werroadh: shorewards
weruofln: sunflowers
euiiddvb: subdivides
11
weerruopp: superpowers
etooahlcm: schoolmates
ertuoaslm: somersaults
eertialnm: streamlines
ertiopaan: separations
riiglcbbn: scribblings
ertuiaslc: secularists
errtuiasl: surrealists
eertuoosh: storehouses
wuoopghln: snowploughs
rttiihllb: stillbirths
ruopaaghc: sarcophagus
eeetttlnm: settlements
rtuoadkcn: soundtracks
etuoopann: spontaneous
erttiagnm: smatterings
eeiasskcn: seasickness
rtoodghln: strongholds
eeipaslcn: specialness
ertuuoasg: stegosaurus
eertiissn: sensitisers
erttipaas: separatists
eoasdlccn: secondclass
rruopagbm: subprograms
tyiopshnm: symphonists
eriaadhcc: saccharides
rtiaghccn: scratchings
eerruihbb: shrubberies
etyisshln: stylishness
eetuiialx: sexualities
errooadcb: scoreboards
erruiopsv: supervisors
euiopssnn: suspensions
eetupplnm: supplements
etttiaalc: stalactites
eerrtuicn: scrutineers
tiiashccm: schismatics
ertuiaacn: sanctuaries
eetiiolnm: solemnities
eerttupas: superstates
etuashcnn: staunchness
eerttppan: stepparents
erruoppss: suppressors
eetodcnnm: secondments
ertiioagn: signatories
eeertihnm: smithereens
eeruiossn: seriousness
ertuuulcb: subcultures
ttiopadnn: standpoints
eeerrtiac: secretaries
eettiasln: stateliness
ertiosghn: shoestrings
ertttiasg: strategists
ryuoohcnn: synchronous
weruophjm: showjumpers
eeerpsdhh: shepherdess
eettuionn: sententious
eeiipaslc: specialises
euiossccn: successions
ertiiaslb: stabilisers
eeissfhln: selfishness
riooghllc: schoolgirls
weeerttah: sweethearts
etuiovbnn: subventions
errypaskc: skyscrapers
etttuuisb: substitutes
eruuuopfl: superfluous
etiipaslc: specialists
tiaaalcbb: sabbaticals
erttiagcn: scatterings
wrtiipghh: shipwrights
ertuuiobn: subroutines
werttiash: sweatshirts
eeeropphk: shopkeepers
weeriiddn: sidewinders
tuippalcn: supplicants
weoashlln: shallowness
rttuaafcn: surfactants
eeopashkv: spokeshaves
etuiosggn: suggestions
eeruisvvb: subversives
etooasnnm: stonemasons
etyopslmm: symptomless
eettuiohl: silhouettes
weooahlcc: slowcoaches
ertuiiscn: scrutinises
ettuiiipd: stupidities
eiipaslcm: specialisms
eetisdghn: sightedness
eeerttyop: stereotypes
etioosglx: sexologists
etaasdlcn: sandcastles
ttuioaaln: salutations
etuioscbn: subsections
ettiaaglm: stalagmites
eetyisshn: synthesises
etoohkkcb: sketchbooks
eerioadcn: secondaries
etoaskkcm: smokestacks
ertiopfhl: shoplifters
eraaadlnm: salamanders
erruiscbb: subscribers
uiiossbnm: submissions
tuiioalnm: simulations
eerypalcn: screenplays
eerrtuohn: southerners
ertoaadkb: skateboards
eeersdlnn: slenderness
eerttghnn: strengthens
eertasgnn: strangeness
eeruopdlm: supermodels
tiioaalvn: salivations
etiiaslnn: saintliness
ertyooash: soothsayers
erruiasmm: summarisers
werrtiogn: songwriters
eerrtuops: superstores
weerrtaah: shearwaters
ertuopalc: speculators
etiohhlbb: shibboleths
erttiaghn: straightens
etyipashm: sympathises
12
eruuiioplc: supercilious
eeertishlv: shirtsleeves
ertyipashm: sympathisers
weeertassd: stewardesses
eeeertopdm: speedometers
euissgghln: sluggishness
eerrttyoll: storytellers
ruioahcbnm: subharmonics
riooppsshn: sponsorships
etiiiiplcm: simplicities
eruooossnn: sonorousness
ertiashccn: scratchiness
ertoodhklc: stockholders
weerrrtiab: strawberries
eeeipsshhn: sheepishness
ettiisshkn: skittishness
weerrridcv: screwdrivers
ertuuiabbn: suburbanites
eeertpaasn: separateness
ettuipsdhn: studentships
eertiigcnn: stringencies
wrtioadhcb: switchboards
ettuiasvbn: substantives
eerttishcn: stretchiness
eerrtoallm: steamrollers
uuioosccbn: subconscious
errtuippsc: superscripts
ertoadhlll: stallholders
eryioshcnn: synchronises
eerriadlvv: slavedrivers
eeriippsln: slipperiness
eetopsssln: spotlessness
ttuiiopaln: stipulations
ertiishlvm: silversmiths
eeeisslbnn: sensibleness
eetuiaslbn: suitableness
etiakklccb: sticklebacks
eertuipalv: superlatives
eeertasssm: seamstresses
tiiooosglc: sociologists
eruiiiasdb: subsidiaries
rriopadgbn: springboards
uiiiosdvbn: subdivisions
eertoadhkl: stakeholders
eerrtupakm: supermarkets
ettuohklcc: shuttlecocks
eerrtupakn: supertankers
eeruioppsm: superimposes
eeeerrtopk: storekeepers
ertiaghhlc: searchlights
eeiosllvnn: slovenliness
rruuiodgnn: surroundings
ertuioadbn: subordinates
eruiioaglc: sacrilegious
eroadhlllm: smallholders
etuuioalnm: simultaneous
rtiooghcnm: shortcomings
eertyisshn: synthesisers
eetoaaghcc: stagecoaches
etuiscccnn: succinctness
eerroadhhl: shareholders
eeertpasdh: spreadsheets
riopashhlc: scholarships
ertupaalcc: spectaculars
erttiasghn: straightness
eerttuaffg: suffragettes
ertuosbbnn: stubbornness
ertiiiialm: similarities
weeerrtokl: steelworkers
rttuioacbn: subtractions
eruiipdhlb: shipbuilders
eetiiipalc: specialities
eerrttiaac: secretariats
eeuuosssnn: sensuousness
errtookkcb: stockbrokers
etuuiossdn: studiousness
etuiopalcn: speculations
erttuoascm: scoutmasters
eeiipsfccn: specificness
tuiiooppsn: suppositions
ertiaasddn: standardises
eeertiosmm: seismometers
euiopasscn: spaciousness
eiosshbbnn: snobbishness
etuuuoacbn: subcutaneous
eruiiopsvn: supervisions
13
eetiiiislbn: sensibilities
qeeuiasshnm: squeamishness
tttiiiaascn: statisticians
ertuiioopps: suppositories
erttuuiiops: superstitious
ertuiagghln: slaughterings
ertiipsghln: sprightliness
eeeradghlmm: sledgehammers
etuuuopssnm: sumptuousness
eetiiiipfcc: specificities
erioadghhln: shareholdings
rtuiiopscbn: subscriptions
eiiiafgccnn: significances
eettuiocbmm: subcommittees
eettaassdfn: steadfastness
euiioosccnm: semiconscious
tuiioppalcn: supplications
eeerrttopcm: spectrometers
ttiiiooalcn: solicitations
eeeesssslnn: senselessness
eertusssfln: stressfulness
eeeepssslln: sleeplessness
errttiopafl: selfportraits
etttuiaasbn: substantiates
eeetiissvnn: sensitiveness
errttuuiiop: surreptitious
eerooppsskn: spokespersons
ettuiiiialb: suitabilities
eetiiossscn: secessionists
weeerrttakl: streetwalkers
ioadghlllnm: smallholdings
eeeertiscvn: secretiveness
tuiiooacnnm: sanctimonious
erttuiiopsn: superstitions
ettiiopashc: sophisticates
eettiiiisvn: sensitivities
eerttusdflc: selfdestructs
euiopadhlnm: sulphonamides
ttiioaasfcn: satisfactions
eeetuisdcvn: seductiveness
eertuiofghl: selfrighteous
ertooashlcm: schoolmasters
eerrtopaghn: stenographers
ertttiaajkc: straitjackets
etiiiasflnm: semifinalists
ertuiiiagln: singularities
eerrttuuslc: structureless
werrrttiipc: scriptwriters
errrttooopm: stormtroopers
eertuiiopdn: serendipitous
rttiioallcn: scintillators
euioosflccn: selfconscious
eeeassshlnm: shamelessness
errttuuuscb: substructures
tttuuiiosbn: substitutions
eertuuiipfl: superfluities
rttuiiipasl: spiritualists
etiioossglm: seismologists
eertooppscc: spectroscopes
14
eriiophhzccn: schizophrenics
ertiiioaasln: serialisations
tiiiioafgcnn: significations
ertuioodccnm: semiconductors
tyuoopahlccc: staphylococcus
eeuiisssvbnm: submissiveness
erttiiioasln: sterilisations
eeetuissggvn: suggestiveness
ttiiioallcnn: scintillations
eertooahhlcc: schoolteachers
ertioosshlcm: schoolmistress
eeeertpashlc: steeplechasers
rrttuooaccbn: subcontractors
ertuiiooppsn: superpositions
eruuuopsslcn: scrupulousness
etiiiopafccn: specifications
tuiiioosglcn: sociolinguists
rrtttuuiaslc: structuralists
eerrtuuoppcm: supercomputers
15
eeerttuipdnnn: superintendents
eeiasddllnnmm: smallmindedness
tiiiiopaflcnm: simplifications
etiiiopaaslcn: specialisations
errtuuoopdccn: superconductors
eeeertsdflcnn: selfcentredness
eerrrttuuupsc: superstructures
tiiiooassshcm: schistosomiasis
eertuuoasghhl: slaughterhouses
16
rttiioaaasddnn: standardisations
eettuiiiipslcb: susceptibilities
tuiiiioosglccn: sociolinguistics
eerttiossdghhn: shortsightedness
eeruuiiopsslcn: superciliousness
eeeiisddglnnnm: singlemindedness
euuioosssccbnn: subconsciousness
17
eeuioosssflccnn: selfconsciousness
eeertuiossfghln: selfrighteousness
18
eeerrtttooopphcm: spectrophotometers
19
werrrttioaasdfghn: straightforwardness

sr
3
i: sir
4
ac: scar
ee: seer
ea: sear
up: spur
oa: soar
ul: slur
uo: sour
pa: spar
ti: stir
ta: star
5
uag: sugar
wea: swear
wee: sewer
eyh: shyer
oal: solar
weo: sower
eyl: slyer
uoc: scour
eru: surer
tia: sitar, stair
eid: sider
eah: shear
eam: smear
ean: saner
eab: saber
tya: satyr
eaf: safer
oop: spoor
eav: saver
eob: sober
eet: steer
eev: sever
eol: soler
een: sneer
eeh: sheer
oan: sonar
eik: skier
eup: super
epa: spear
6
eadn: sander
eumm: summer
etin: sinter
eedn: sender
eruf: surfer
eyal: slayer
eilv: silver, sliver
euff: suffer
eadd: sadder
eidl: slider
eoak: soaker
etti: sitter
weya: sawyer
eroc: scorer
erta: starer
etof: softer
eilm: smiler
etok: stoker
erah: sharer
eeix: sexier
epah: shaper
eihn: shiner
eocc: soccer
eihv: shiver
etoc: sector
einn: sinner
etis: sister
ealv: salver, slaver
uoav: savour
weol: slower
eahk: shaker
euac: saucer
eilc: slicer
tuop: stupor
etag: stager
eahv: shaver
eerv: server
etal: slater
iogn: signor
etif: sifter
eell: seller
ioal: sailor
week: skewer
eikn: sinker
eodl: solder
eolv: solver
eipd: spider
weoh: shower
eukc: sucker
eipn: sniper
eipc: spicer
eikc: sicker
eett: setter
eipm: simper
tuio: suitor
eeed: seeder
eohn: senhor
eimm: simmer
eeal: sealer
erto: sorter
aalc: scalar
eeiz: seizer
eion: senior
eeek: seeker
eron: snorer
ttoa: stator
eppa: sapper
eoon: sooner
eokm: smoker
epac: spacer
eipp: sipper
eial: sailer
eosn: sensor
eign: signer, singer
etak: skater
eupp: supper
7
erpah: sharper
weeep: sweeper
eeudc: seducer
uuocc: succour
eiihn: shinier
eihmm: shimmer
etikn: stinker
euddh: shudder
epann: spanner
eodlc: scolder
etuhn: shunter
eodlm: smolder
etikc: sticker
eipnn: spinner
weeta: sweater
eiffn: sniffer
ettah: shatter
ettac: scatter
eianm: seminar
eiodl: soldier
euinn: sunnier
eohkc: shocker
uioav: saviour
etuoh: shouter
eiipc: spicier
etttu: stutter
eippl: slipper
eippk: skipper
eiogg: soggier
etpam: stamper
etpal: stapler
eiklc: slicker
eullc: sculler
eeetp: steeper
errti: stirrer
euodn: sounder
eethl: shelter
weimm: swimmer
eopph: shopper
eopgn: sponger
eiipk: spikier
etakc: stacker
etakl: stalker
eeiam: seamier
eracc: scarcer
eepak: speaker
weera: swearer
eeruc: securer
eiplm: simpler
eipll: spiller
eiplc: splicer
erypa: sprayer
eaddl: saddler
weppa: swapper
eualc: secular
etopp: stopper
quoal: squalor
etuan: saunter
oopsn: sponsor
ettuh: shutter
ertom: stormer
etohm: smother
eulbm: slumber
etill: stiller
eiikl: silkier
wetif: swifter
qerua: squarer
eilmm: slimmer
etuid: studier
etabb: stabber
euikl: sulkier
eacnn: scanner
ettop: spotter
etton: stentor
errio: sorrier
eadln: slander
eertn: sterner
eiokm: smokier
eiahk: shakier
eepdn: spender
etign: stinger
weioh: showier
etooh: shooter
eolbb: slobber
weion: snowier
etooc: scooter
eepll: speller
erpac: scraper
etamm: stammer
oaavm: samovar
ettuo: stouter
eerob: soberer
etulb: subtler
etagg: stagger
weagg: swagger
eetal: stealer
eetam: steamer
euppc: scupper
ettup: sputter
eetad: sedater
eiill: sillier
eiilm: slimier
eashl: slasher
eashm: smasher
etifh: shifter
eakcm: smacker
etiff: stiffer
eoopc: scooper
eallm: smaller
iialm: similar
eookn: snooker
eoopn: snooper
etall: stellar
oahlc: scholar
eeeid: seedier
eeepl: sleeper
eaklc: slacker
eedln: slender
uuphl: sulphur
eiopa: soapier
ertta: starter
etion: stonier
etoan: senator
etioo: sootier
eiopl: spoiler
ertoh: shorter
eiggn: snigger
etifn: snifter
euiac: saucier
eetlm: smelter
epalm: sampler
ertid: strider
eehcm: schemer
etunn: stunner
weeet: sweeter
etian: stainer
etial: saltier
ertiv: striver
eettl: settler
eikmm: skimmer
etuff: stuffer
eerah: shearer
ertak: starker
erpas: sparser
eiadc: sidecar
ertya: strayer
ettpa: spatter
eppan: snapper
eiadh: shadier
eppal: slapper
eiadn: sandier
eepcn: spencer
eeern: serener
eiknn: skinner
eeekl: sleeker
etihl: slither
epacm: scamper
ertik: striker
ertam: smarter
etalb: stabler
ertip: striper
epakn: spanker
eriac: scarier
eeerv: severer
weign: swinger
iossc: scissor
euggn: snugger
8
eeeipl: sleepier
eetiam: steamier
eeeipd: speedier
eetiad: steadier
eeracm: screamer
eupalc: specular
eethkc: sketcher
eeetsm: semester
etighl: slighter
qeuadn: squander
eioddh: shoddier
eyidkv: skydiver
wetihc: switcher
etiifh: shiftier
eerroc: sorcerer
eryuov: surveyor
ertppa: strapper
eruafc: surfacer
eeraaf: seafarer
qeeeuz: squeezer
euidgm: smudgier
ertttu: strutter
etuiff: stuffier
etoopv: stopover
eerihk: shrieker
weerdh: shrewder
eeodcn: seconder
weidln: swindler
tuoplc: sculptor
eiopgn: spongier
ettiop: spottier
eripgn: springer
eiiknn: skinnier
eaaglv: salvager
eoohcn: schooner
weetia: sweatier
etiisn: sinister
tiiacm: scimitar
eetofn: softener
eyualb: sublayer
euodhl: shoulder
etuipd: stupider
weetaa: seawater
eeilcn: silencer
ruiovv: survivor
eioppl: sloppier
errtia: starrier
ertuid: sturdier
etiign: stingier
ertign: stringer
qeeual: squealer
qeeuak: squeaker
erpakl: sparkler
eruiop: superior
eetolc: selector
eeruff: sufferer
etiacn: scantier
ertian: strainer
euishl: slushier
eeeilm: seemlier
eeillm: smellier
ettupl: splutter
euippl: supplier
wweiam: swimwear
etuoab: saboteur
etiokc: stockier
eerddh: shredder
erucbb: scrubber
etoohm: smoother
eerahc: searcher
eiahbb: shabbier
eertam: streamer
eertak: streaker
euiovn: souvenir
eippan: snappier
eugglm: smuggler
etipln: splinter
ettihc: stitcher
erohcc: scorcher
ertiip: stripier
ertoll: stroller
etipsn: spinster
eeialz: sleazier
ettpal: splatter
erttic: stricter
qettua: squatter
ertipp: stripper
weipam: swampier
etiodg: stodgier
euonmm: summoner
ertipn: sprinter
euodlm: smoulder
eeoasn: seasoner
etahcn: snatcher
etiklc: stickler
ettipl: splitter
ertagn: stranger
uiagln: singular
toakcc: stockcar
eeiakn: sneakier
ertiom: stormier
ertogn: stronger
euffhl: shuffler
9
eeohllv: shoveller
ertiahc: starchier
wertiah: swarthier
weiophn: shipowner
eippadn: sandpiper
eeudhlc: scheduler
weoahll: shallower
eriipdn: spindrier
wettaal: saltwater
etiiasn: sanitiser
euopdln: splendour
ertaagz: stargazer
etuaghl: slaughter
tuioalm: simulator
euosscc: successor
etiphcn: sphincter
weuofln: sunflower
erippac: scrappier
weeeetn: sweetener
eertthc: stretcher
ettopac: spectator
etuiodb: subeditor
eiiifgn: signifier
ettuibm: submitter
eertiak: streakier
eerpahn: sharpener
eeetpbm: september
eetusgg: suggester
ertuopp: supporter
eeipahl: shapelier
eppaadn: sandpaper
eralcbm: scrambler
qeeuiak: squeakier
eerttac: scatterer
eetiffn: stiffener
eiaaklm: sailmaker
eerrudn: surrender
eruoojn: sojourner
weriacn: scrawnier
qeeeucn: sequencer
eeradln: slanderer
eipaknn: spinnaker
eeoahkm: shoemaker
ertagln: strangler
eriipgn: springier
eeupsdn: suspender
eetihkc: sketchier
eiaglln: signaller
wweoall: swallower
ertaggl: straggler
erilcbb: scribbler
eeiipfc: specifier
ettioan: stationer
ertupas: superstar
eripkln: sprinkler
eruiffc: scruffier
ertopaa: separator
etiialn: saintlier
tiioolc: solicitor
eeagcvn: scavenger
qeuiash: squashier
eeeradn: serenader
10
erttiagh: straighter
weertaah: shearwater
etiiaslb: stabiliser
eettpafh: stepfather
ttuioalm: stimulator
eeerihcc: screechier
euuoglnn: sunlounger
eetpaddl: stepladder
wertiign: signwriter
etyooash: soothsayer
eaaadlnm: salamander
eiiipflm: simplifier
weeruopp: superpower
eertiisl: steriliser
wertiogn: songwriter
eettiahl: stealthier
eruiopsv: supervisor
wetiaghc: switchgear
wertopas: sportswear
eruiasmm: summariser
eertuohn: southerner
eettipss: stepsister
eeeopphk: shopkeeper
eettophm: stepmother
ertiahcc: scratchier
etiopfhl: shoplifter
eruiscbb: subscriber
erypaskc: skyscraper
eruoppss: suppressor
etuopalc: speculator
11
eeroagcnm: scaremonger
ertiipghl: sprightlier
weeepakll: sleepwalker
euiipdhlb: shipbuilder
weeertokl: steelworker
eeroadhhl: shareholder
eerttyoll: storyteller
ettuoafgh: soughtafter
eeeetopdm: speedometer
eoadhlllm: smallholder
eeriadlvv: slavedriver
eertuaghl: slaughterer
etupaalcc: spectacular
ettuoascm: scoutmaster
eerttophb: stepbrother
eertoallm: steamroller
eeetiosmm: seismometer
eeeertopk: storekeeper
ertookkcb: stockbroker
eetoadhkl: stakeholder
eetyisshn: synthesiser
eertupakn: supertanker
weerridcv: screwdriver
eeipdllbn: spellbinder
etyipashm: sympathiser
12
eertopaghn: stenographer
weeerrticn: screenwriter
eettupadgh: stepdaughter
eruiialccm: semicircular
eeeadghlmm: sledgehammer
eeerttopcm: spectrometer
etooashlcm: schoolmaster
eerrupaghc: supercharger
werrttiipc: scriptwriter
ttiioallcn: scintillator
13
etttioaasnm: stationmaster
rttuooaccbn: subcontractor
etuioodccnm: semiconductor
eeeetpashlc: steeplechaser
eertuuoppcm: supercomputer
eetooahhlcc: schoolteacher
14
ertuuoopdccn: superconductor
16
eetyoopaghnmmm: sphygmomanometer
17
eeertttooopphcm: spectrophotometer

sp
3
a: sap
i: sip
u: sup
o: sop
4
ol: slop
to: stop
wa: swap
oh: shop
ee: seep
al: slap
oa: soap
an: snap
um: sump
ih: ship
ik: skip
il: slip
in: snip
et: step
wo: swop
uo: soup
5
rta: strap
rac: scarp, scrap
rto: strop
rti: strip
alc: scalp
rah: sharp
tam: stamp
wam: swamp
rul: slurp
wee: sweep
woo: swoop
too: stoop
tom: stomp
ryu: syrup
ooc: scoop
ool: sloop
oon: snoop
tum: stump
ikm: skimp
etu: setup
eet: steep
acm: scamp
eel: sleep
eeh: sheep
ulm: slump
eto: stoep
6
rtaa: satrap
uipl: slipup
tuuh: shutup
rihm: shrimp
7
euahk: shakeup
tuukc: stuckup
topag: stopgap
rttua: startup
eeupd: speedup
oallc: scallop
rrtui: stirrup
8
eetisd: sidestep
eeopdc: speedcop
ruuogb: subgroup
rtiash: starship
wroodn: snowdrop
eeidkn: skindeep
uakllc: skullcap
9
eipashc: spaceship
weetosh: sweetshop
etiashm: steamship
wetoash: sweatshop
10
eiaashnm: seamanship
11
rioashhlc: scholarship
wioashhnm: showmanship
rioopsshn: sponsorship
wertiasdh: stewardship
ettuisdhn: studentship
12
eiaasshlnm: salesmanship
13
eerrtyiashc: secretaryship
ettiaasshnm: statesmanship
rtiopasshnm: sportsmanship

sw
3
a: saw
e: sew
o: sow
4
el: slew
ol: slow
ek: skew
on: snow
ah: shaw
oh: show
to: stow
et: stew
ep: spew
5
ert: strew
rta: straw
qua: squaw
erc: screw
erh: shrew
ein: sinew
6
oall: sallow
oadh: shadow
eeas: seesaw
eoac: seacow
rroo: sorrow
7
oahll: shallow
woall: swallow
rropa: sparrow
eoohm: somehow
8
ioalnn: soninlaw
eiosdh: sideshow
9
ioaslnn: sonsinlaw
erroacc: scarecrow
11
ertiiasln: sisterinlaw
12
ertiiassln: sistersinlaw

sv
4
al: slav

st
3
a: sat
i: sit
e: set
o: sot
4
ac: scat
en: sent
ip: spit
ea: seat
al: salt, slat
ec: sect
ik: skit
il: silt, slit
eu: suet
et: stet
if: sift
pa: spat
ro: sort
wa: swat
wo: swot
oo: soot
ol: slot
oh: shot
of: soft
oc: scot
um: smut
ul: slut
ui: suit
uh: shut
op: spot
5
roh: short
aln: slant
rta: start
ron: snort
wif: swift
ram: smart
ipl: spilt, split
rpa: sprat
rik: skirt
rih: shirt
rop: sport
til: stilt
wea: sweat
ian: saint
afh: shaft
wee: sweet
elm: smelt
uoc: scout
tin: stint
wep: swept
uoh: shout
pal: splat
uon: snout
igh: sight
ooc: scoot
uhn: shunt
ecn: scent
ooh: shoot
qua: squat
uop: spout
tun: stunt
tuo: stout
rup: spurt
rtu: strut
toa: stoat
acn: scant
epn: spent
eel: sleet
epl: slept, spelt
eeh: sheet
ifh: shift
6
ripc: script
uplc: sculpt
iopg: spigot
rtia: strait
uogh: sought
rtic: strict
iopl: spoilt
ipln: splint
erob: sorbet
eiln: silent
eusb: subset
iasd: sadist
uimm: summit
eusn: sunset
eisx: sexist
eonn: sonnet
eahc: sachet
eerc: secret
ruop: sprout
easg: sagest
easf: safest
qrui: squirt
eelc: select
eert: street
ishc: schist
aavn: savant
quin: squint
eetp: septet
eysh: shyest
uiln: sunlit
eetx: sextet
eiov: soviet
easn: sanest
riip: spirit
aabb: sabbat
eipn: spinet
ripn: sprint
erus: surest
ighl: slight
eokc: socket
uibm: submit
ioff: soffit
eacn: secant
eign: signet
rifh: shrift
7
eropa: seaport
eujcb: subject
qeeun: sequent
eoosn: soonest
uopsn: sunspot
etaxn: sextant
eruvb: subvert
etuxb: subtext
tiopl: spotlit
easdd: saddest
etudn: student
ioosl: soloist
etosf: softest
eaaln: sealant
uoplb: subplot
ipadn: sandpit
ruopp: support
eralc: scarlet
tyisl: stylist
eighl: sleight
rtial: starlit
eruif: surfeit
oahll: shallot
eusgg: suggest
weosl: slowest
eravn: servant
uuibn: subunit
wuasd: sawdust
eerhb: sherbet
eegnm: segment
iopsh: sophist
eippn: snippet
uissb: subsist
eruos: sourest
eupsc: suspect
ertal: starlet
iiolc: solicit
eialn: salient
eipan: sapient
eerpn: serpent
ripan: spirant
eikll: skillet
eolvn: solvent
eiskc: sickest
eeisx: sexiest
8
eeersh: sheerest
eertsn: sternest
taagnn: stagnant
weiosh: showiest
eerusc: securest
eeersn: serenest
ertupm: strumpet
euiasc: sauciest
ertask: starkest
eiosgg: soggiest
weeets: sweetest
euisnn: sunniest
ertosh: shortest
eiiskl: silkiest
etiasl: saltiest
erpash: sharpest
eiisll: silliest
eiislm: slimiest
yiobnm: symbiont
etiosn: stoniest
rtuohc: shortcut
eeersv: severest
eroafn: seafront
iopfhl: shoplift
uicccn: succinct
uppaln: supplant
iialbn: sibilant
wetisf: swiftest
rtuacb: subtract
euiskl: sulkiest
eetinn: sentient
rtiagh: straight
rtiias: satirist
weoahm: somewhat
eeragn: sergeant
eeetps: steepest
yighkl: skylight
ruuonm: surmount
etuslb: subtlest
eisklc: slickest
eiipsk: spikiest
weiosn: snowiest
easklc: slackest
errios: sorriest
eriasc: scariest
ertidn: strident
etisff: stiffest
weerra: sewerrat
ruubnn: sunburnt
eropkc: sprocket
iopsgn: signpost
wrtaal: stalwart
ruusbn: sunburst
eipslm: simplest
eeeisd: seediest
euosdn: soundest
erascc: scarcest
ettuos: stoutest
erpass: sparsest
opashn: snapshot
wetifl: swiftlet
uighln: sunlight
eioskm: smokiest
eiasdh: shadiest
eiishn: shiniest
tioskc: stockist
eiasdn: sandiest
eiphnm: shipment
iaadzm: samizdat
ertasm: smartest
eislmm: slimmest
eeidnm: sediment
eipakn: snakepit
eiashk: shakiest
eruisl: surliest
riaskn: sanskrit
rtuasd: stardust
eiopas: soapiest
wuiism: swimsuit
easllm: smallest
9
iosghln: slingshot
weeetam: sweetmeat
iioaslc: socialist
rtiaghl: starlight
etiosdg: stodgiest
etuisff: stuffiest
eeiaslz: sleaziest
euipasc: spacesuit
ertiosm: stormiest
eeopadb: speedboat
eettanm: statement
ertiips: stripiest
tuialnm: stimulant
yopahcn: sycophant
eeisllm: smelliest
eerupah: superheat
weetias: sweatiest
eetuplx: sextuplet
ertasgn: strangest
eiisklc: sickliest
eetinnm: sentiment
eeiaskn: sneakiest
qeruiob: sobriquet
errtias: starriest
eoolnnm: somnolent
wriodfn: snowdrift
tiighkn: skintight
erishll: shrillest
uippaln: suppliant
etuipsd: stupidest
eiosddh: shoddiest
eeeislm: seemliest
eetiasm: steamiest
eioppsl: sloppiest
eiashbb: shabbiest
euisshl: slushiest
eiidghl: sidelight
iifklnn: skinflint
rtioshl: shortlist
ertignn: stringent
eiisknn: skinniest
eeriscn: sincerest
etooshm: smoothest
eiopsgn: spongiest
eopaagc: scapegoat
weipasm: swampiest
eraacnm: sacrament
riipdfn: spindrift
tiopghl: spotlight
ertosgn: strongest
ettiops: spottiest
euislbm: sublimest
ruipscb: subscript
euisdgm: smudgiest
yioslbm: symbolist
eiasggh: shaggiest
etaasdf: steadfast
ertuisd: sturdiest
etiiscn: scientist
eeeipsd: speediest
roopfhn: shopfront
etisghl: slightest
weersdh: shrewdest
etiascn: scantiest
euulccn: succulent
eeeipsl: sleepiest
erttisc: strictest
etoaabm: steamboat
eetiasd: steadiest
etiiskc: stickiest
10
ruiasffg: suffragist
erruiasl: surrealist
eeettlnm: settlement
eruiaslc: secularist
qeuiassh: squashiest
eeipashl: shapeliest
etiiasln: saintliest
weriascn: scrawniest
erttaafc: statecraft
etuafghl: selftaught
eeosdcbn: secondbest
eeersdln: slenderest
weeertah: sweetheart
eetishkc: sketchiest
qeeuiask: squeakiest
etuashcn: staunchest
eruiiscn: sinecurist
qeruuiob: soubriquet
weoashll: shallowest
eeupplnm: supplement
erttiasg: strategist
roaasccn: sacrosanct
erruuaak: sauerkraut
eiipaslc: specialist
ertiashc: starchiest
eruoaslm: somersault
eertiask: streakiest
eettiasl: stateliest
rrtuoshc: shortcrust
eriipsgn: springiest
wertiash: swarthiest, sweatshirt
qeeuusbn: subsequent
wriipghh: shipwright
eeodcnnm: secondment
ertipaas: separatist
riooppsl: spoilsport
tiopadnn: standpoint
uippalcn: supplicant
rtuaafcn: surfactant
erpaafcc: spacecraft
erippasc: scrappiest
euiiffcn: sufficient
11
eriaghhlc: searchlight
erruippsc: superscript
erttiasgh: straightest
eipafghlc: spaceflight
ioopashxn: saxophonist
eerrtiaac: secretariat
ertiashcc: scratchiest
yiiasdlcn: syndicalist
iiooosglc: sociologist
eeerpasdh: spreadsheet
rtuoaccbn: subcontract
ertupaann: supernatant
eruipascm: supremacist
ertipdfhn: spendthrift
eettiashl: stealthiest
eerrupakm: supermarket
eeerpsflc: selfrespect
eeruisvbn: subservient
eeerishcc: screechiest
iiiafgcnn: significant
eeeidflvn: selfevident
12
eeiiossscn: secessionist
errtiopafl: selfportrait
eertusdflc: selfdestruct
erttiaajkc: straitjacket
ttuiiioasn: situationist
rtuiiipasl: spiritualist
uioaslbnmm: somnambulist
ertuooshnm: southernmost
etuiocbnnn: subcontinent
etuiisjcvb: subjectivist
eiiiasflnm: semifinalist
eeertisfln: selfinterest
ertiipsghl: sprightliest
eiioossglm: seismologist
rrtuiiohcc: shortcircuit
13
eertttoaafh: stateoftheart
eeiodfflcnn: selfconfident
eruupaadbnn: superabundant
eerrtiasfln: selfrestraint
rrttuuiaslc: structuralist
14
eeerofglvnnm: selfgovernment
eeertuipdnnn: superintendent
etiioaasslnn: sensationalist
eettiiaslnnm: sentimentalist

sk
4
ac: sack
ee: seek
oc: sock
oa: soak
an: sank
ul: sulk
uo: souk
un: sunk
il: silk
in: sink
ic: sick
uc: suck
5
ahc: shack
rta: stark
rto: stork
ahn: shank
alc: slack
rah: shark
eon: snoek
rpa: spark
rim: smirk
rih: shirk
tac: stack
tal: stalk
tan: stank
tuc: stuck
ocm: smock
icn: snick
ukn: skunk
tin: stink
ukl: skulk
toc: stock
pan: spank
tic: stick
ean: sneak
ooh: shook
oop: spook
ohc: shock
ilc: slick
iln: slink
acn: snack
acm: smack
eel: sleek
eta: steak
uln: slunk
eih: sheik
epc: speck
epa: speak
6
qeua: squeak
ruhn: shrunk
oalv: slovak
erta: streak
rahn: shrank
qwua: squawk
rihn: shrink
erih: shriek
rtuc: struck
7
ryakl: skylark
oajbm: sjambok
aasdc: sadsack
eiasc: seasick
tuipn: sputnik
etacb: setback
8
erohlc: sherlock
roahcm: shamrock
ooogbn: songbook
aadbnn: sandbank
weiadl: sidewalk
eiidkc: sidekick
toopcc: stopcock
uolcbn: sunblock
9
weepall: sleepwalk
ertiadc: sidetrack
weriphc: shipwreck
taalllm: smalltalk
roopacb: scrapbook
weropad: spadework
wertoon: stonework
rtyooob: storybook
weertol: steelwork
riopgbn: springbok
tipaslc: slapstick
10
etoaskcm: smokestack
rtuoadcn: soundtrack
etoohkcb: sketchbook
rrttuasc: starstruck
euodhccn: soundcheck
wtiahccb: switchback
11
eeetpajlc: steeplejack
etiaklccb: stickleback
wwrropaah: sparrowhawk
ettuohlcc: shuttlecock

si
3
k: ski
4
em: semi
ak: saki
ra: sari
5
tyl: styli
ian: sinai
ush: sushi
era: serai
ifc: scifi
uad: saudi
waz: swazi
6
oalm: somali
pacm: scampi
raaf: safari
aalm: salami
7
yallb: syllabi
ruaam: samurai
wiahl: swahili
tuilm: stimuli
erhzc: scherzi
9
ettpagh: spaghetti
10
ropaaghc: sarcophagi
12
erttoopccc: streptococci

sh
3
o: soh
4
et: seth
as: sash
uc: such
ig: sigh
ah: shah
5
tix: sixth
ypl: sylph
usl: slush
tim: smith
wis: swish
osl: slosh
tol: sloth
tuo: south
asm: smash
asl: slash
6
eihk: sheikh
toom: smooth
etul: sleuth
erac: search
oocm: smooch
etcn: stench
pasl: splash
tocc: scotch
eigl: sleigh
uogl: slough
quas: squash
eepc: speech
rtac: starch
uolc: slouch
ttic: stitch
tacn: snatch
etkc: sketch
wtic: switch
etah: sheath
rocc: scorch
7
tuabn: sunbath
iaslv: slavish
ettal: stealth
rtacc: scratch
eisfl: selfish
taabb: sabbath
toacm: stomach
tiosf: softish
tuacn: staunch
ipasn: spanish
yighk: skyhigh
erttc: stretch
eercc: screech
eetvn: seventh
tyisl: stylish
ioosn: soonish
weisd: swedish
ipacn: spinach
qeulc: squelch
wiosl: slowish
8
wttooa: sawtooth
iosbbn: snobbish
eeipsh: sheepish
paasdl: slapdash
wiadcn: sandwich
ettiix: sixtieth
ttiosc: scottish
rtiosh: shortish
weetis: sweetish
qruias: squarish
erttgn: strength
riiskm: skirmish
ttiisk: skittish
uisggl: sluggish
iasllm: smallish
aaavnn: savannah
rtiasf: starfish
9
toaklcc: sackcloth
eisfhll: shellfish
rtiosgn: strongish
wriosdf: swordfish
eettixn: sixteenth
wttopac: stopwatch
tioallc: sailcloth
qeuiasm: squeamish
10
etoaagcc: stagecoach
etiohlbb: shibboleth
eeettivn: seventieth
eertuogh: seethrough
wuoopgln: snowplough
11
eriopasgm: seismograph
uuasdhccn: suchandsuch
ertiislvm: silversmith
eeeettvnn: seventeenth
12
errtoppagc: spectrograph

so
2
: so
4
ol: solo
ag: sago
oh: shoo
um: sumo
il: silo
os: soso
5
alv: salvo
toh: sotho
6
tucc: stucco
eert: stereo
tuid: studio
weto: soweto
7
etosh: sesotho
oasdn: soandso
erupm: supremo
eruzb: subzero
erhzc: scherzo
opahm: shampoo
ropan: soprano
8
etttil: stiletto
eriagl: seraglio
tiaagn: santiago
errobm: sombrero
ttaacc: staccato
eriacn: scenario
9
eerruph: superhero

sn
3
a: san
i: sin
e: sen
u: sun
o: son
4
oo: soon
ac: scan
wa: sawn, swan
ee: seen
ip: spin
tu: stun
we: sewn
up: spun
ih: shin
ik: skin
pa: span
uh: shun
wo: sown
ig: sign
5
roh: shorn
ipa: spain
roc: scorn
taa: satan
uad: sudan
ial: slain
wro: sworn
oal: salon
woo: swoon
woh: shown
tia: satin, stain
oax: saxon
ead: sedan
oop: spoon
rup: spurn
wpa: spawn
ert: stern
eev: seven
eem: semen
eeh: sheen
eik: skein
eri: siren
6
erom: sermon
ripa: sprain
tual: sultan
etox: sexton
ioph: siphon
uogh: shogun
eadd: sadden
eull: sullen
oalm: salmon
etol: stolen
eoas: season
etof: soften
rtua: saturn
eudd: sudden
eepl: spleen
eerc: screen
eahk: shaken
eolm: solemn
rtia: strain
uoad: soudan
eahv: shaven
uomm: summon
ryia: syrian
ioag: saigon
eopk: spoken
oagl: slogan
eikl: silken
eukn: sunken
eiis: seisin
eaam: seaman
eodd: sodden
eikc: sicken
weed: sweden
tial: stalin
aahm: shaman
eeam: seamen
toop: spoton
etam: stamen
yoph: syphon
eiom: simeon
tuan: suntan
ipaa: saipan
wert: strewn
qeui: sequin
ooal: saloon
paam: sampan
7
eaklc: slacken
ruubn: sunburn
roaff: saffron
rropa: sporran
woanm: snowman
eyoab: soybean
woahm: showman
ruooj: sojourn
weeet: sweeten
ttioa: station
tuias: sustain
aadnm: sandman
etioc: section
eetix: sixteen
eioss: session
wuodn: sundown
weonm: snowmen
weohm: showmen
etiff: stiffen
weoll: swollen
rtpaa: spartan
riiol: sirloin
erpah: sharpen
iiolc: silicon
eeetp: steepen
uioas: suasion
etops: stepson
eioal: sealion
tuioc: suction
ertam: smarten
ertiv: striven
eruog: surgeon
ettim: smitten
tuogh: shotgun
ertoh: shorten
8
erupam: superman
rtuobb: stubborn
ioascn: scansion
ttioop: spittoon
eepacm: spacemen
qruoad: squadron
rioopc: scorpion
wtuodh: shutdown
eroohh: shoehorn
uuahbm: subhuman
erttia: straiten
ertuoh: southern
eaaslm: salesman
eruhkn: shrunken
eriiab: siberian
wwoodl: slowdown
wwoodh: showdown
tioacn: sanction
ttuanm: stuntman
epaacm: spaceman
eerupm: supermen
tuiool: solution
wrtaam: strawman
ruuabb: suburban
tioall: stallion
eeerag: seagreen
ertuog: sturgeon
eetokl: skeleton
ertikc: stricken
etiiod: sedition
iiialc: sicilian
eiodgm: smidgeon
ertoam: storeman
eupaac: saucepan
eeaslm: salesmen
toascm: scotsman
etioad: sedation
eeipcm: specimen
9
eopaskm: spokesman
rtopasm: sportsman
eiaskkn: snakeskin
ettaasm: statesman
tioahcn: stanchion
ttiioaa: satiation
uuiosff: suffusion
eeeetvn: seventeen
eertioc: secretion
uiiopsc: suspicion
werosdm: swordsmen
weoadhk: shakedown
euioslc: seclusion
weertoc: sweetcorn
ertualb: subaltern
rtoagnm: strongman
eettasm: statesmen
eeruscn: sunscreen
eeopskm: spokesmen
eioolcm: semicolon
eeipshk: sheepskin
iaaglnm: signalman
ertioon: serotonin
eetiolc: selection
tuioamm: summation
ttuiioa: situation
ertopsm: sportsmen
tioaalv: salvation
wroasdm: swordsman
ertiaac: sectarian
etioplm: simpleton
etioasn: sensation
eeriogv: sovereign
eiaglnm: signalmen
etuiodc: seduction
rtiollb: stillborn
wtoallm: smalltown
riaahcc: saccharin
eeiossc: secession
ertognm: strongmen
rttiioa: striation
10
ttuioasb: substation
erttiagh: straighten
rttuioaa: saturation
eruiosbm: submersion
etiiopac: speciation
etuiojcb: subjection
wopasdhl: splashdown
tiioaalv: salivation
ttuioaal: salutation
euiosscc: succession
eeriacvm: serviceman
ttioaagn: stagnation
rttioaav: starvation
euiopssn: suspension
uiiossbm: submission
erttioan: stentorian
tuiioalm: simulation
etuiovbn: subvention
tuuiodcb: subduction
weoaaslm: saleswoman
eruiosvb: subversion
ttiioaan: sanitation
etoopsfk: softspoken
eeericvm: servicemen
etooasnm: stonemason
etuioscb: subsection
ertiopaa: separation
etuiosgg: suggestion
eruupahm: superhuman
eerttghn: strengthen
11
tuiooaffc: suffocation
weoopaskm: spokeswoman
eertioagg: segregation
tuiioalbm: sublimation
weeoopskm: spokeswomen
tuiioopps: supposition
etiooopgl: stoolpigeon
ttuiioalm: stimulation
uiiiosdvb: subdivision
eeropassl: salesperson
tyiioadcn: syndication
eruioppss: suppression
rttuioacb: subtraction
eeeroskcm: smokescreen
ttuiiopal: stipulation
eruiiopsv: supervision
tyioopacn: syncopation
eripaglcn: springclean
ttyiioasl: stylisation
etuiopalc: speculation
tuuioagjb: subjugation
ttioaafgl: stagflation
rrtyoohcn: synchrotron
12
tttiiiaasc: statistician
tuiioppalc: supplication
eettioagnm: segmentation
erttyiopcm: streptomycin
rtuiiopscb: subscription
eerrtuaabn: subterranean
ettuiopafc: stupefaction
erttuiiops: superstition
eertipdhlc: stepchildren
ttiioaasfc: satisfaction
ttiiiooalc: solicitation
eerooppssk: spokesperson
tttuuiiosb: substitution
13
eettiioadnm: sedimentation
etiiiopafcc: specification
tiiiooaaslc: socialisation
rtuiiooadbn: subordination
ertuiioopps: superposition
ertiiioaasl: serialisation
ttiiioallcn: scintillation
ttiiioaaslb: stabilisation
tyiiooaslbm: symbolisation
rttuioaagln: strangulation
erttiiioasl: sterilisation
ettiiioassn: sensitisation
tiiiioafgcn: signification
qeerttuioas: sequestration
14
tiiiiopaflcm: simplification
etiiiopaaslc: specialisation
ttiiioopashc: sophistication
ttiiioaafccn: sanctification
erioodhhllcc: schoolchildren
ertuuiopaann: superannuation
tiiiiooadflc: solidification
rtttiiioaafc: stratification
ertuiioaaslc: secularisation
tttiiioaasgm: stigmatisation
tttuiioaasbn: substantiation
erttyiioasmm: symmetrisation
15
eerttuiosdflc: selfdestruction
eettuioppalnm: supplementation
etttyiioaassm: systematisation
ertuiiiooppsm: superimposition
rtuiiioaasgln: singularisation
rttiioaaasddn: standardisation
rtyiiooashcnn: synchronisation
rtuuiioaasbbn: suburbanisation
errttuuiopaas: supersaturation

sm
3
a: sam
u: sum
4
ac: scam
wu: swum
wa: swam
ee: seem
ah: sham
ea: seam
al: slam
wi: swim
ul: slum
ik: skim
pa: spam
il: slim
ia: siam
et: stem
uc: scum
5
eru: serum
pas: spasm
eal: salem
ood: sodom
ruc: scrum
rto: storm
wra: swarm
rtu: strum
eta: steam
rac: scram
6
eodl: seldom
erac: scream
uiod: sodium
iasd: sadism
erta: stream
etys: system
qrui: squirm
oall: slalom
tioc: sitcom
ishc: schism
eisx: sexism
aaal: salaam
tuup: sputum
ruac: sacrum
7
yyonn: synonym
rtuoc: scrotum
euabn: sunbeam
erodf: serfdom
tuacn: sanctum
rttua: stratum
rtoad: stardom
ruogh: sorghum
uoaln: solanum
tyopm: symptom
tuiad: stadium
raasc: sarcasm
ertun: sternum
8
riookc: sickroom
iipslm: simplism
euuplc: speculum
ertupc: spectrum
eruacn: suncream
upaghn: sphagnum
tiaasn: satanism
eripah: seraphim
wriokl: silkworm
ruioal: solarium
tiiosc: stoicism
eeuiln: selenium
wroooh: showroom
eioslc: solecism
9
iaashnm: shamanism
rttuion: strontium
iioaslc: socialism
etyussb: subsystem
erttaag: stratagem
eryisgn: synergism
rtoookc: stockroom
wrtoosn: snowstorm
yioslbm: symbolism
rtooaff: staffroom
errtooo: storeroom
yiosgll: syllogism
errttoh: shortterm
yuiopsm: symposium
10
rruopagb: subprogram
ertipasl: slipstream
erioasgm: seismogram
erruiasl: surrealism
rrtooogn: strongroom
roooohlc: schoolroom
rttuuasb: substratum
ertipaas: separatism
eruiaslc: secularism
eeeetsfl: selfesteem
eiipaslc: specialism
rtuioaan: sanatorium
etiipscc: scepticism
ruuialcm: simulacrum
11
errtopagc: spectrogram
rrtuiiopc: scriptorium
yiiasdlcn: syndicalism
12
rtuiiipasl: spiritualism
etuiisjcvb: subjectivism
ertiiaascn: sectarianism
13
iooaassdhcm: sadomasochism
tiioasshlcc: scholasticism
rrttuuiaslc: structuralism
14
etiioaasslnn: sensationalism
eettiiaslnnm: sentimentalism
16
rtuiiopaaaslnn: supranationalism

sl
4
ia: sail
el: sell
uo: soul
ea: seal
io: soil
5
alm: small
ran: snarl
wil: swill
ahl: shall
rik: skirl
tal: stall
wri: swirl
wel: swell
euo: seoul
ian: snail
wah: shawl
oah: shoal
til: still
ukl: skull
too: stool
ehl: shell
ias: sisal
iop: spoil
oop: spool
ipl: spill
ikl: skill
eet: steel
elm: smell
yib: sibyl
epl: spell
eta: steal
woc: scowl
ulc: scull
6
ripa: spiral
erro: sorrel
wrac: scrawl
oohc: school
rihl: shrill
etip: stipel
eria: serial
qeeu: sequel
ioac: social
euax: sexual
rolc: scroll
rtol: stroll
wrpa: sprawl
eivn: snivel
weiv: swivel
eohv: shovel
aadn: sandal
eehk: shekel
iagn: signal
qeua: squeal
yobm: symbol
uifn: sinful
qual: squall
ipan: spinal
raac: sacral
7
eiaam: seamail
riacb: scribal
ipaac: spacial
eticn: stencil
euagl: seagull
uafkc: sackful
uifkl: skilful
erokn: snorkel
errua: surreal
uiadn: sundial
epalc: scalpel
ertud: strudel
wialm: sawmill
erihv: shrivel
etahc: satchel
euasn: sensual
uuofl: soulful
uiosb: subsoil
eerav: several
tipaa: spatial
aadcn: scandal
eeagn: senegal
eipac: special
tioac: stoical
eipan: spaniel
8
yioavn: synovial
erupam: supremal
eeriad: sidereal
erpahn: shrapnel
tuofhl: slothful
woalbn: snowball
ttiaac: statical
uoopfc: scoopful
eetinn: sentinel
uoopfn: spoonful
qerrui: squirrel
ruiagc: surgical
eetakl: skeletal
uiiadc: suicidal
ttuoab: subtotal
euafhm: shameful
ruofcn: scornful
ertpac: spectral
wriogh: showgirl
etuipf: spiteful
woafln: snowfall
uifkll: skillful
ruiavv: survival
toaflb: softball
eoaasn: seasonal
etioac: societal
ertoac: sectoral
9
weeepdl: speedwell
ertiipd: spiritedl
eripahc: spherical
ertussf: stressful
eriasgl: salesgirl
rrtioaa: sartorial
eetagnm: segmental
rtuiipa: spiritual
etipacc: sceptical
eiiafnm: semifinal
wertial: stairwell
eruodcn: scoundrel
etioacn: sectional
rtiiasn: sinistral
rtiiaac: satirical
wrruoof: sorrowful
euofhlv: shovelful
rtoafhl: shortfall
ruoabnm: subnormal
10
eettiann: sentential
eriopadh: spheroidal
rrttuuac: structural
qeetuian: sequential
erupahlc: sepulchral
ttiasdln: standstill
eeruopdm: supermodel
ertioaan: senatorial
yioalcbm: symbolical
ertoaadc: sacerdotal
uiioasdn: sinusoidal
uiialbnm: subliminal
riooghlc: schoolgirl
eiooadln: solenoidal
rrtuipac: scriptural
rtuupalc: sculptural
tiaaacbb: sabbatical
tuiopabm: suboptimal
euussfcc: successful
11
etioaasnn: sensational
eruioagbn: subregional
eruiipafc: superficial
eerrtiaac: secretarial
ertyiacmm: symmetrical
rtuuualcb: subcultural
ertaaacnm: sacramental
rtuiopacb: subtropical
tttiiaasc: statistical
wwtioaall: swallowtail
ttuiaasbn: substantial
riiiaafcc: sacrificial
eriooaglc: serological
ttuiioaan: situational
eettiannm: sentimental
ertooflcn: selfcontrol
ttyiaaccn: syntactical
12
iioooaglcc: sociological
eetuppalnm: supplemental
tiooaaglcc: scatological
errtuupaan: supernatural
13
erttoopaccc: streptococcal
rtuuiooalcc: sociocultural
eerttyiopac: stereotypical
eiiooasglcm: seismological
errtuiipacc: supercritical
rtuiopaaann: supranational
14
tiiiooopalcc: sociopolitical
15
rrttiipaaaghc: stratigraphical

sc
3
a: sac
i: sic
e: sec
4
ep: spec
yn: sync
5
ion: sonic
tio: stoic
6
eicn: scenic
ialv: slavic
etip: septic
ttia: static
7
etipk: skeptic
rtiia: satiric
etiim: semitic
eiism: seismic
tipas: spastic
eriph: spheric
etipc: sceptic
yiodn: synodic
eahll: shellac
rtyia: satyric
tiaan: satanic
tioam: somatic
8
etyism: systemic
tyiosl: systolic
iaahnm: shamanic
eiipfc: specific
rioadn: sardonic
tiiasd: sadistic
tyiopn: synoptic
yiallb: syllabic
uiosbn: subsonic
eripah: seraphic
etianm: semantic
riopad: sporadic
tyipan: synaptic
yiolbm: symbolic
9
eetipln: splenetic
tyiiobm: symbiotic
etiahcm: schematic
ertyicn: syncretic
ttyiisl: stylistic
yiophnm: symphonic
rtiaasc: sarcastic
erttiag: strategic
ettyihn: synthetic
ttyiacn: syntactic
tttiias: statistic
ertyimm: symmetric
riioopf: soporific
yiiallc: salicylic
iopasdm: spasmodic
ruuiphl: sulphuric
yyionnm: synonymic
tuioabm: subatomic
rtuiacb: subarctic
10
tiiipslm: simplistic
tyiiiphl: syphilitic
etiiifcn: scientific
ryiohcnn: synchronic
ttioashc: stochastic
eruiopsn: supersonic
tiiashcm: schismatic
tioashlc: scholastic
ettyiasm: systematic
11
ttyiaagnm: syntagmatic
ttyiopamm: symptomatic
tiiioaslc: socialistic
tyiiosgll: syllogistic
ertyiisgn: synergistic
ruioahbnm: subharmonic
tyiopahcn: sycophantic
tiiaashnm: shamanistic
ettyipahm: sympathetic
12
errtuiiasl: surrealistic
ertiopaghn: stenographic
eertioophn: stereophonic
eertioopsc: stereoscopic
13
eerrttiopcm: spectrometric
eiiooooccnm: socioeconomic
ertiooppscc: spectroscopic
errttiopash: stratospheric
eriiophhzcn: schizophrenic
rrttiipaagh: stratigraphic
eerrtiopagh: stereographic
15
tiiooaassdhcm: sadomasochistic
tuiiiioosglcn: sociolinguistic
16
ettiiioaasslnn: sensationalistic

sb
3
u: sub
o: sob
4
on: snob
ac: scab
ol: slob
wa: swab
tu: stub
al: slab
un: snub
ta: stab
5
qui: squib
ruc: scrub
ruh: shrub
iah: sahib
6
ruub: suburb
raac: scarab
erup: superb
7
uuccm: succumb
8
yuallb: syllabub

sa
3
p: spa
e: sea
4
om: soma
ag: saga
yo: soya
of: sofa
od: soda
to: stoa
uk: skua
5
eip: sepia
rab: sabra
ryi: syria
whc: schwa
oam: samoa
tom: stoma
abm: samba
ofl: solfa
ucb: scuba
uan: sauna
umm: summa
igm: sigma
asl: salsa
6
raah: sahara
tigm: stigma
eron: senora
roon: sonora
rtpa: sparta
iilc: silica
ehcm: schema
erri: sierra
tazn: stanza
rtta: strata
ialv: saliva
egmm: smegma
toan: sonata
tiad: stadia
einn: sienna
etis: siesta
7
rtuam: sumatra
ttoam: stomata
tupal: spatula
rioal: solaria
ertpc: spectra
qeuio: sequoia
tualn: sultana
aavnn: savanna
tianm: stamina
upalc: scapula
riogn: signora
ioalm: somalia
eriib: siberia
roacm: sarcoma
8
eertan: serenata
wetasn: setswana
weeetp: sweetpea
etahcm: schemata
riakln: srilanka
yiopsm: symposia
riiadn: sardinia
wtiask: swastika
ttiagm: stigmata
euopbn: subpoena
ruuibb: suburbia
tiiacc: sciatica
eiolvn: slovenia
9
eruopvn: supernova
rttuasb: substrata
10
rtuiaaln: saturnalia
eoalllnm: salmonella
11
eetiipacm: septicaemia
ertoopazm: spermatozoa
13
eriiophhzcn: schizophrenia

sg
3
a: sag
4
on: song
om: smog
ol: slog
wa: swag
ah: shag
al: slag
an: sang, snag
um: smug
ul: slug
un: snug, sung
in: sing
ta: stag
5
aln: slang
ruh: shrug
iln: sling
win: swing
rip: sprig
uin: suing
tin: sting
uln: slung
tun: stung
wun: swung
6
yihn: shying
rupn: sprung
iavn: saving
wian: sawing
rton: strong
rtin: string
tiin: siting
wion: sowing
ripn: spring
iizn: sizing
eein: seeing
tian: sating
wein: sewing
rpan: sprang
roan: sarong
rtun: strung
yipn: spying
eixn: sexing
iidn: siding
iikn: skiing
yian: saying
7
iobbn: sobbing
wionn: snowing
wtion: stowing
yialn: slaying
ruion: souring
ioknm: smoking
weiln: slewing
ruign: surging
iignn: signing, singing
uikcn: sucking
tiinm: smiting
ipahn: shaping
iooln: soloing
iadhn: shading
uibbn: subbing
tiavn: staving
iioln: soiling
riahn: sharing
iahkn: shaking
rionn: snoring
eeidn: seeding
tialn: slating
iilcn: slicing
iopln: sloping
ettin: setting
ipacn: spacing
riacn: scaring
iokcn: socking
ttiin: sitting
wiohn: showing
tyian: staying
iihnn: shining
iahnm: shaming
iilnm: smiling
eeinm: seeming
eiizn: seizing
ripan: sparing
tiakn: skating, staking
iinnn: sinning
iadnn: sanding
ttian: stating
iipnn: sniping
iipkn: spiking
iahvn: shaving
iaknn: snaking
tiifn: sifting
iohvn: shoving
eilln: selling
iolvn: solving
iaggn: sagging
eeikn: seeking
eisnn: sensing
iakcn: sacking
ialvn: salving, slaving
iopan: soaping
aadbn: sandbag
ipaln: sapling
uiknn: sunking
eiohn: shoeing
uippn: supping
weipn: spewing
yipan: spaying
iialn: sailing
eeipn: seeping
ioppn: sopping
ioohn: shooing
tiokn: stoking
ioakn: soaking
rtion: sorting, storing
wetin: stewing
iiknn: sinking
tiiln: silting
wioln: slowing
iippn: sipping
uikln: sulking
tionn: stoning
ruifn: surfing
ialcn: scaling
rioan: soaring
iilbn: sibling
etian: seating
iidhn: shindig
uinnn: sunning
iipcn: spicing
iighn: sighing
tiagn: staging
riann: snaring
eidnn: sending
erivn: serving
tyiln: styling
ippan: sapping
iidln: sidling, sliding
rtian: staring
wyian: swaying
riohn: shoring
uinmm: summing
eialn: sealing
tuiin: suiting
riocn: scoring
erian: searing
eiivn: sieving
8
ioopcn: scooping
iahnmm: shamming
eruicn: securing
weeipn: sweeping
tiifhn: shifting
etinmm: stemming
rtiivn: striving
tiopnm: stomping
iashnm: smashing
iacnnn: scanning
ioggln: slogging
ttiiln: slitting
ruipnn: spurning
tiakcn: stacking
ttiopn: spotting
iilzzn: sizzling
uikkln: skulking
tiokcn: stocking
uibbnn: snubbing
iiplcn: splicing
eeiznn: sneezing
iaglnn: slanging
riiknm: smirking
tialnn: slanting
rrtian: starring
uiodnn: sounding
tialbn: stabling
tiadnn: standing
tiakln: stalking
rrtiin: stirring
ryipan: spraying
ioopkn: spooking
tiaffn: staffing
uiffcn: scuffing
eiaknn: sneaking
iipphn: shipping
eriahn: shearing
iodlcn: scolding
wiabbn: swabbing
wiinmm: swimming
ioopln: spooling
tioopn: stooping
rtionn: snorting
uihnnn: shunning
rtionm: storming
eripan: spearing
eipakn: speaking
eiodln: sidelong
tuiopn: spouting
riocnn: scorning
yialln: sallying
ruiocn: scouring, sourcing
ipaknn: spanking
ippaln: slapping
riihkn: shirking
tuibbn: stubbing
ialnmm: slamming
iiklnn: slinking
tiiknn: stinking
iiknmm: skimming
tiilln: stilling
iashln: slashing
werian: swearing
tuiffn: stuffing
eriobn: sobering
tiikcn: sticking
ioshln: sloshing
wipann: spawning
iooznn: snoozing
eeripn: spreeing
wertin: strewing
wiilln: swilling
ettiln: settling
iopphn: shopping
etiadn: sedating
tiahcn: scathing
uiffnn: snuffing
tiafhn: shafting
tuinnn: stunning
tialln: stalling
tioppn: stopping
eiignn: singeing
ttuihn: shutting
eetihn: seething, sheeting
iiglnn: slinging
eetipn: steeping
ioffcn: scoffing
uillcn: sculling
iihlln: shilling
wioppn: swopping
uiplnm: slumping
eeipln: sleeping
ertiln: sterling
weilln: swelling
rtiikn: skirting, striking
tipanm: stamping
iaklcn: slacking
wttion: swotting
ruiagn: sugaring
iohkcn: shocking
uiklcn: suckling
uuidbn: subduing
iaagvn: savaging
tioocn: scooting
tuihnn: shunting
iosgnn: singsong
uiggln: slugging
wioonn: swooning
iihnnn: shinning
iiopln: spoiling
wipanm: swamping
erianm: smearing
iaggnn: snagging
eioagn: seagoing
tiifln: stifling
eeopdh: sheepdog
riicbn: scribing
wttian: swatting
tiighn: sighting
tuipnm: stumping
ttuinn: stunting
rtuipn: spurting
rtialn: starling
eihlvn: shelving
etianm: steaming
rialnn: snarling
eerivn: severing
etippn: stepping
eiplln: spelling
eertin: steering
eeidcn: seceding
etilnm: smelting
etialn: stealing
tuiocn: scouting
eerinn: sneering
tiabbn: stabbing
iadlcn: scalding
eeipdn: speeding
ipalcn: scalping
uiilcn: sluicing
eeidln: seedling
iipnnn: spinning
wriiln: swirling
rruipn: spurring
eiddln: sledding
yuilln: sullying
tuialn: saluting
iippln: slipping
uidgnm: smudging
wiishn: swishing
tuiohn: shouting
ipannn: spanning
eticnn: scenting
eiddhn: shedding
yipaln: splaying
qruian: squaring
rtiopn: sporting
tiignn: stinging
iaddln: saddling
iippkn: skipping
eipdnn: spending
euidcn: seducing
wetian: sweating
rriacn: scarring
ipalnm: sampling
ioppln: slopping
rtiokn: stroking
ruipln: slurping
tiiann: staining
rtiavn: starving
rtyian: straying
iippnn: snipping
rtiohn: shorting
tyuidn: studying
iipknm: skimping
iiknnn: skinning
wrianm: swarming
rtiipn: striping
tiashn: stashing
uiddcn: scudding
wericn: screwing
rtiafn: strafing
eihcnm: scheming
uilnmm: slumming
rtianm: smarting
rruiln: slurring
rripan: sparring
iiddkn: skidding
ttioln: slotting
eidgln: sledging
ripakn: sparking
werivn: swerving
iilnmm: slimming
wiignn: swinging
tyihcn: scything
rtiidn: striding
ttiipn: spitting
eetiln: steeling
eihlln: shelling
woasnn: swansong
rttian: starting
iopgnn: sponging
ippann: snapping
tipaln: stapling
wiolcn: scowling
wioopn: swooping
iiplln: spilling
wippan: swapping
iiffnn: sniffing
eillnm: smelling
ruipcn: sprucing
iakcnm: smacking
ioopnn: snooping, spooning
tioohn: shooting, soothing
ripacn: scraping
9
uiohlcn: slouching
etiofnn: softening
yuippln: supplying
rtiiann: straining
uifflcn: scuffling
ttuihln: shuttling
uiffhln: shuffling
wioadhn: shadowing
eriihvn: shivering
rtiipnn: sprinting
qruiinm: squirming
quiashn: squashing
uioppsn: supposing
eriilvn: silvering
weriohn: showering
wtiihcn: switching
eriahcn: searching
ruioavn: savouring
wiaddln: swaddling
iifflnn: sniffling
etiohnm: something
ruiisnm: surmising
rtuinmm: strumming
ttuiian: situating
eriinmm: simmering
qwuiakn: squawking
tuilbnm: stumbling
eioasnn: seasoning
etyiadn: steadying
qtuiinn: squinting
eaaddlb: saddlebag
riihknn: shrinking
erialvn: slavering
qrtuiin: squirting
wripaln: sprawling
rtttuin: strutting
uionnmm: summoning
wiidlnn: swindling
weiignn: swingeing
iiophnn: siphoning
wrialcn: scrawling
uigglnm: smuggling
uigglnn: snuggling
qeuiakn: squeaking
ioaglnn: singalong
uiiffcn: sufficing
eiaddnn: saddening
ruiafcn: surfacing
rtuiopn: sprouting
riohccn: scorching
ruigghn: shrugging
eriipnm: simpering
eryuivn: surveying
iahlbnm: shambling
riipann: spraining
eriacnm: screaming
uifflnn: snuffling
eriaafn: seafaring
ioohlcn: schooling
ipashln: splashing
rtippan: strapping
qeuialn: squealing
rtiignn: stringing
rtiippn: stripping
eruiffn: suffering
ertiakn: streaking
yiidkvn: skydiving
eiikcnn: sickening
uioghln: sloughing
uuisffn: suffusing
ttiihcn: stitching
eriddhn: shredding
eriihkn: shrieking
eripadn: spreading
ttuilcn: scuttling
rryuicn: scurrying
eiilcnn: silencing
eriicvn: servicing
rippacn: scrapping
eetilcn: selecting
etihkcn: sketching
ruiodhn: shrouding
eiidhln: shielding
ertissn: stressing
tioohnm: smoothing
etiahhn: sheathing
eriodln: soldering
rtioppn: stropping
ruicbbn: scrubbing
tuiplcn: sculpting
rtiadnn: stranding
riollcn: scrolling
ttiipln: splitting
eericnn: screening
ripakln: sparkling
ruiogcn: scourging
wrrioon: sorrowing
ertianm: streaming
tiahcnn: snatching
quialln: squalling
iaaglvn: salvaging
eerticn: secreting
rtiolln: strolling
rtiipln: stripling
eiodcnn: seconding
qeeuizn: squeezing
uiisdbn: subsiding
ruiivvn: surviving
riipgnn: springing
uuisbnm: subsuming
rttialn: startling
tiighln: slighting
rtiipcn: scripting
yiophnn: syphoning
qttuian: squatting
10
ttuiilbn: subtitling
wwioalln: swallowing
eetignnm: segmenting
rruiipsn: surprising
tuiialnm: simulating
ertiihln: slithering
etyuipfn: stupefying
tuiahcnn: staunching
rtiaglnn: strangling
eiohllvn: shovelling
rtiiiasn: satirising
erttiacn: scattering
erttuipn: sputtering
eeuidccn: succeeding
qeeuicnn: sequencing
eriadlnn: slandering
erttiahn: shattering
eruiddhn: shuddering
euidhlcn: scheduling
erttipan: spattering
eeriadnn: serenading
rtiaddln: straddling
ertttuin: stuttering
ttuiibnm: submitting
etuisggn: suggesting
weeetinn: sweetening
eyiipfcn: specifying
etuipscn: suspecting
ertipaan: separating
uuiccbnm: succumbing
riipalln: spiralling
eriolbbn: slobbering
tyiiasfn: satisfying
tuiiasnn: sustaining
eriippkn: skippering
weriaggn: swaggering
rtiaagzn: stargazing
etuijcbn: subjecting
ruioojnn: sojourning
eriiodln: soldiering
tuiissbn: subsisting
ertiannm: smartening
rttuiaan: saturating
rtiahccn: scratching
eeticnnn: sentencing
iiagllnn: signalling
tiiaalvn: salivating
ryiiafcn: scarifying
ertiaggn: staggering
etiiocnn: sectioning
euipsdnn: suspending
riilcbbn: scribbling
eruilbnm: slumbering
quialbbn: squabbling
eriihnmm: shimmering
ioopahnm: shampooing
rtiaggln: straggling
ttiioann: stationing
riipklnn: sprinkling
tuiahbnn: sunbathing
tioaagbn: sabotaging
wioashcn: showcasing
uiosnnmm: summonsing
eripahnn: sharpening
erttihcn: stretching
ertuiann: sauntering
rialcbbn: scrabbling
yiiifgnn: signifying
eruigbnm: submerging
tiiiolcn: soliciting
rtuiggln: struggling
ertianmm: stammering
rtuioppn: supporting
eertihln: sheltering
rialcbnm: scrambling
eiillvnn: snivelling
eerihccn: screeching
eeetipnn: steepening
ertiohnn: shortening
ertiohnm: smothering
eiagcvnn: scavenging
etuidbnn: subtending
qeuihlcn: squelching
eripacnm: scampering
etipadnm: stampeding
ertuivbn: subverting
ertioshn: shoestring
weiillvn: swivelling
erttuihn: shuttering
erttianm: smattering
rioopsnn: sponsoring
ruipassn: surpassing
weertiln: sweltering
iioosdnm: sodomising
eriiggnn: sniggering
etiiffnn: stiffening
eiaklcnn: slackening
ttiaagnn: stagnating
11
tyiiafcnn: sanctifying
rtuuionnm: surmounting
rtioohcnm: shortcoming
ruiiasnmm: summarising
etuipalcn: speculating
wioallbnn: snowballing
eriihllvn: shrivelling
qeruiadnn: squandering
ertiiisln: sterilising
riiishknm: skirmishing
tiiiaslbn: stabilising
rttyiiafn: stratifying
erttuipln: spluttering
tiiopsgnn: signposting
ioadfflcn: scaffolding
rttuiacbn: subtracting
ruiagcnmm: scrummaging
iiioaslcn: socialising
wiiadhcnn: sandwiching
rtuuippan: suppurating
rruuiodnn: surrounding
eruiodlnm: smouldering
eruiodhln: shouldering
wrtiiognn: songwriting
uiiissdbn: subsidising
ertiiplnn: splintering
eruiipsvn: supervising
ttioakkcn: stocktaking
eertiaggn: segregating
eruippssn: suppressing
eriokllnn: snorkelling
yiiiodfln: solidifying
uiiiddvbn: subdividing
eeiopphkn: shopkeeping
ttuiialnm: stimulating
erttipaln: splattering
riiiafccn: sacrificing
yiioslbnm: symbolising
eeripdhhn: shepherding
eeruipsdn: superseding
ttyuiifln: stultifying
rrttuuicn: structuring
eriiiasln: serialising
yiiipflnm: simplifying
etyioadgn: steadygoing
tuippalnn: supplanting
tiiopfhln: shoplifting
tiioacnnn: sanctioning
eetiisghn: sightseeing
tuioaffcn: suffocating
ttuiipaln: stipulating
tuuiagjbn: subjugating
ruiiscbbn: subscribing
tyiooashn: soothsaying
tiiopklcn: stockpiling
eriopahnm: semaphoring
12
ertiialnnm: streamlining
eruiaadfgn: safeguarding
weeipaklln: sleepwalking
uiiipdhlbn: shipbuilding
tttuuiisbn: substituting
eeripaadhn: spearheading
eruiooplcn: supercooling
tuiippalcn: supplicating
rttiioshln: shortlisting
ertiiadkcn: sidetracking
ttiiiasgnm: stigmatising
rtiookkcbn: stockbroking
eiiipaslcn: specialising
ttiiopghln: spotlighting
eerttyiopn: stereotyping
erippaadnn: sandpapering
erioadhhln: shareholding
rtuiiiscnn: scrutinising
ertuiaghln: slaughtering
tyiipashnm: sympathising
eerrruidnn: surrendering
etyiisshnn: synthesising
eiipdllbnn: spellbinding
erttyiolln: storytelling
eetiippsdn: sidestepping
ertyiisnmm: symmetrising
tioodhklcn: stockholding
eeyiipfhcn: speechifying
ioadhlllnm: smallholding
13
ttiiiallcnn: scintillating
erttiiaghnn: straightening
rtuiioadbnn: subordinating
eruioashlcn: soulsearching
rtiiaasddnn: standardising
eetuipplnnm: supplementing
ertuioaslnm: somersaulting
wrrttiiipcn: scriptwriting
eeriofglvnn: selfgoverning
wuiashklcbn: swashbuckling
ryiioshcnnn: synchronising
eiiiphllcnn: spinechilling
eerttighnnn: strengthening
ruiooopdfnn: soundproofing
eruiioppsnm: superimposing
14
ertuuioppcnm: supercomputing
eeertipsflcn: selfrespecting
eerrioagcnnm: scaremongering
eeetipashlcn: steeplechasing
tttuiiaasbnn: substantiating
rttuioaccbnn: subcontracting
ertuuipaannn: superannuating
ertuioppsfln: selfsupporting
ertyuioosdln: souldestroying
etuiiodccnnm: semiconducting
15
rrttuiiiohccn: shortcircuiting
eerttuisdflcn: selfdestructing
ertuuiopdccnn: superconducting
eriiiasfflccn: selfsacrificing

sf
4
el: self
ru: surf
er: serf
5
ofc: scoff
rac: scarf
ifn: sniff
eah: sheaf
ufc: scuff
tif: stiff
ufn: snuff
taf: staff
oop: spoof
ehl: shelf
eri: serif
tuf: stuff
6
rufc: scruff
7
erifh: sheriff
woofh: showoff
ruoon: sunroof
iopfn: spinoff
8
eriasn: sanserif
9
ruahlcm: scrumhalf
10
ruooopdn: soundproof
12
errttoopah: shatterproof

se
3
h: she
e: see
u: sue
4
ri: sire
om: some
iz: size
in: sine
ag: sage
af: safe
ak: sake
oh: shoe
am: same
al: sale
an: sane
ol: sole
av: save
ti: site
ro: sore
id: side
ru: sure
5
roh: shore
rag: sarge
ohn: shone
ilm: slime, smile
rab: sabre
rac: scare
ron: snore
ipc: spice
ran: snare
ahk: shake
rto: store
roc: score
alb: sable
alc: scale
ahl: shale
ahm: shame
rpa: spare
tal: slate, stale
tag: stage
ahv: shave
rih: shire
wip: swipe
alv: salve, slave
rta: stare
uac: sauce
win: swine
ohv: shove
edg: sedge
icn: since
ocn: scone
eud: suede
tol: stole
tip: spite
tom: smote
ign: singe
pac: scape, space
pad: spade
wed: swede
ipn: snipe, spine
tim: smite
pah: shape
esn: sense
tak: skate, stake
adh: shade
tyl: style
tav: stave
tov: stove
ecn: scene
akl: slake
tta: state
olv: solve
rug: surge
tui: suite
rah: share
rip: spire
opc: scope
opl: slope
tua: saute
uav: suave
okm: smoke
tok: stoke
opk: spoke
erv: serve
upm: spume
erp: spree
ilc: slice
tpa: spate
eiv: sieve
eiz: seize
ton: stone
ipk: spike
idn: snide
idl: sidle, slide
erg: serge
akn: snake
eig: siege
erc: scree
ihn: shine
wro: swore
rop: spore
ein: seine
6
iplc: splice
ipln: spline
iplm: simple
aagv: savage
uops: spouse
easm: sesame
tulb: subtle
rtov: strove
eern: serene
robm: sombre
rtok: stroke
eerv: severe
rtod: strode
ricb: scribe
eezn: sneeze
uilc: sluice
tyim: stymie
eacn: seance
racc: scarce
etim: semite
tpal: staple
rtuu: suture
oalm: salome
palm: sample
etpp: steppe
eudc: seduce
opgn: sponge
oalc: solace
qrua: square
rupg: spurge
rupc: spruce
tyhc: scythe
qrui: squire
etad: sedate
etan: senate
addl: saddle
weag: sewage
eruc: secure
ilzz: sizzle
uppl: supple
iilm: simile
tahc: scathe
ttua: statue
tifl: stifle
tuol: solute
ealz: sleaze
toog: stooge
igln: single
ehcm: scheme
tooh: soothe
uipn: supine
werv: swerve
tual: salute
uudb: subdue
tiof: softie
todg: stodge
oozn: snooze
rtik: strike
rtio: sortie
ettl: settle
rtia: satire
eedc: secede
ialn: saline
rtid: stride
rpas: sparse
rtif: strife
eiln: senile
erio: soiree
rihn: shrine
erph: sphere
ehlv: shelve
wtah: swathe
rpac: scrape
rtiv: strive
eelv: sleeve
rtav: starve
ruoc: source
rtaf: strafe
talb: stable
eett: settee
eeth: seethe
iagl: silage
tacn: stance
rtip: sprite, stripe
udgl: sludge
udgm: smudge
iklc: sickle
uklc: suckle
edgl: sledge
7
eoonm: someone
ypasn: synapse
eetpl: steeple
ttuhl: shuttle
iffln: sniffle
ttulc: scuttle
ryign: syringe
uilbm: sublime
tulbb: stubble
rupgl: splurge
rpakl: sparkle
yidkv: skydive
ruosc: sucrose
uusff: suffuse
weeti: sweetie
uffhl: shuffle
tyupb: subtype
aaglv: salvage
qeeuz: squeeze
ttipl: spittle
ttikl: skittle
eepag: seepage
uoffl: souffle
ahlbm: shamble
uggln: snuggle
pagln: spangle
yikln: skyline
ugglm: smuggle
rttal: startle
affln: snaffle
widln: swindle
ahklc: shackle
erilv: servile
ruisn: sunrise
wtoag: stowage
ealcn: scalene
ruogc: scourge
eiccn: science
ruism: surmise
ericn: sincere
ipdln: spindle
ettal: seattle
uaasg: sausage
etahh: sheathe
uopps: suppose
ufflc: scuffle
rtoag: storage
uffln: snuffle
rtagn: strange
epklc: speckle
ruanm: surname
ttuia: situate
eudlc: seclude
ruivv: survive
ttiaa: satiate
ruplc: scruple
eealb: seeable
uiidc: suicide
eiasm: siamese
tttua: statute
uiffc: suffice
eissl: sessile
ertyn: styrene
ruafc: surface
tulbm: stumble
eiasd: seaside
eilcn: silence
uisdb: subside
ighln: shingle
roogc: scrooge
ertil: sterile
erupm: supreme
uusbm: subsume
ertpc: sceptre, spectre
uollb: soluble
opdgl: splodge
ripac: scrapie
errta: serrate
eertc: secrete
rttua: stature
ericv: service
eruiz: seizure
riadn: sardine
yophl: spyhole
8
eoahlc: shoelace
eetcnn: sentence
eislbn: sensible
rtagln: strangle
etisgh: sightsee
eruicn: sinecure
epaaln: seaplane
eroash: seashore
rtoalb: sortable
ttaagn: stagnate
raahlb: sharable
woopkl: slowpoke
wiolnn: snowline
ioosdm: sodomise
eeradn: serenade
rtaagz: stargaze
eupssn: suspense
ioalcb: sociable
rttuaa: saturate
ypaskc: skyscape
iohbnn: shinbone
rtoagh: shortage
wetips: stepwise
rtaggl: straggle
eroabn: seaborne
tiiasn: sanitise
tiaalv: salivate
erugbm: submerge
eialzb: sizeable
etiadv: sedative
qeeeug: squeegee
toaagb: sabotage
tupahl: sulphate
eipxcn: sixpence
rtiipf: spitfire
aallcb: scalable
eialcn: salience
rtuggl: struggle
toppag: stoppage
tioslc: solstice
rtiias: satirise
eadflm: selfmade
ryoacm: sycamore
oallvb: solvable
ruaffg: suffrage
epaasc: seascape
eagcvn: scavenge
eiidln: sideline
uishnn: sunshine
iikkll: silklike
iiolcn: silicone
uihklc: suchlike
tuiasc: suitcase
tiialc: silicate
ualbmm: summable
rtaddl: straddle
iopagl: spoilage
ertpaa: separate
tuahbn: sunbathe
uaklcb: suckable
tioodm: sodomite
woashc: showcase
weerag: sewerage
tipahm: shipmate
ripkln: sprinkle
riakcn: skincare
qualbb: squabble
ralcbm: scramble
ertofc: scotfree
ralcbb: scrabble
uiagnn: sanguine
rtiakl: starlike
iaglbn: singable
wrtoaf: software
ipagll: spillage
yalllb: syllable
quiggl: squiggle
tuiodl: solitude
iaklbn: sinkable
rtiopv: sportive
eudhlc: schedule
eertag: steerage
rruips: surprise
toadkc: stockade
eeetlc: selectee
tuialm: simulate
ruiplc: surplice
rilcbb: scribble
uaddnn: sanddune
uasdhn: sunshade
eaallb: saleable
qeeucn: sequence
easflm: selfsame
epaagc: spaceage
uipdhl: sulphide
iillnm: slimline
ttuilb: subtitle
tuialb: suitable
rippah: sapphire
etiomm: sometime
aahklb: shakable
etpadm: stampede
ryodnm: syndrome
ippagl: slippage
ealllb: sellable
upascb: subspace
9
iioaslc: socialise
yioslbm: symbolise
rtuiagn: signature
eriiasl: serialise
eruupgl: superglue
ttiosln: siltstone
ettttua: statuette
etioppv: stovepipe
eerupvn: supervene
yuoaggn: synagogue
toppalb: stoppable
tyiadcn: syndicate
etuidcv: seductive
eertalb: steerable
tiiaslb: stabilise
ttuipal: stipulate
eruopps: superpose
ruiabnm: submarine
rtiioal: solitaire
etupalc: speculate
epaaklb: speakable
tuuagjb: subjugate
ruagcmm: scrummage
eriohln: shoreline
erpaalb: separable
ealcbnm: semblance
weerohm: somewhere
etpalcc: spectacle
rtyioln: storyline
eertodv: stevedore
eeticnn: sentience
rtuiann: saturnine
tiopklc: stockpile
wppaalb: swappable
ettaalm: stalemate
eriaglc: sacrilege
rrttuic: stricture
rrtuoag: surrogate
eeracvn: severance
epalllb: spellable
weepalb: sweepable
woafkln: snowflake
ertiisl: sterilise
riiafcc: sacrifice
eerttiv: serviette
uiiddvb: subdivide
wertoan: stoneware
iialcbn: sibilance
oopahxn: saxophone
rrtuipc: scripture
eruipsv: supervise
wtiasln: slantwise
ippashh: shipshape
tuiagll: sugillate
ertipam: sparetime
toasdnn: sandstone
eertagg: segregate
werraah: shareware
rtuoskn: sunstroke
eraahlb: shareable
ttuialm: stimulate
eaahklb: shakeable
eropahm: semaphore
rtuuplc: sculpture
eeralvb: severable
tuialbm: sublimate
erifhll: shellfire
eerupsd: supersede
weiophc: showpiece
ruiscbb: subscribe
wwtiohn: snowwhite
rrttuuc: structure
ippahlb: shippable
ertuidv: servitude
riophbn: shipborne
rtiaasc: staircase
eruphlc: sepulchre
eriolcn: scoreline
eerticv: secretive
tuascbn: substance
ettiall: satellite
riaghkn: shrinkage
rttuasb: substrate
ealllbm: smellable
rruaghc: surcharge
erttpal: saltpetre
etiisvn: sensitive
tiioalc: socialite
tiallmm: smalltime
wopahlc: showplace
uiissdb: subsidise
eetilcv: selective
tuoaffc: suffocate
ruiasmm: summarise
10
eriilccm: semicircle
tuiiodlc: solicitude
eerttyop: stereotype
eoolcnnm: somnolence
aaslllcm: smallscale
werrialv: silverware
erttupas: superstate
wtiahlcb: switchable
weetpask: sweepstake
ertoadcn: secondrate
eertipnn: serpentine
etuijcvb: subjective
ttipallb: splittable
euisdcbn: subsidence
eeepcvnn: sevenpence
rtuioppv: supportive
etuisggv: suggestive
iaasdlcn: scandalise
euissccv: successive
tuiiidlm: similitude
tyipashm: sympathise
ertialnm: streamline
eetallcb: selectable
ttiiasgm: stigmatise
tttiaalc: stalactite
riahklbn: shrinkable
ruialvvb: survivable
euulcccn: succulence
etyisshn: synthesise
tuippalc: supplicate
weerttis: streetwise
roalllcb: scrollable
rtuiiscn: scrutinise
rtuuiobn: subroutine
ertuimmm: summertime
taasdlcn: sandcastle
rtuuulcb: subculture
eiipaslc: specialise
ruuasfcb: subsurface
ettuiohl: silhouette
eoaaslbn: seasonable
eerupsdn: superdense
ertuoosh: storehouse
rtyihcnn: strychnine
rtiipgnm: springtime
errtuops: superstore
eruopavn: supernovae
eopashkv: spokeshave
qettuuas: statuesque
eruaffcn: sufferance
ettaalbm: stablemate
tttuuisb: substitute
ertuufgb: subterfuge
riaahccn: saccharine
ttiaaglm: stalagmite
eruisvvb: subversive
uiissvbm: submissive
etuascnn: sustenance
11
eeedfflcn: selfdefence
ettoopshc: stethoscope
ttiiallcn: scintillate
ryioshcnn: synchronise
rtiaasddn: standardise
etuipalcv: speculative
etuisscbn: subsistence
tuuijcvbn: subjunctive
eruioppsm: superimpose
ertuipalv: superlative
erttahlcb: stretchable
eiipaflcb: specifiable
tuiaaslbn: sustainable
eerugcbnm: submergence
tiiaasflb: satisfiable
ttuiasvbn: substantive
eruislbbm: submersible
eeoppasll: salespeople
etuisgglb: suggestible
rtuioadbn: subordinate
erttuaffg: suffragette
rtuoppalb: supportable
uoooshhlc: schoolhouse
eruippssv: suppressive
eaaagllvb: salvageable
ttuialbbm: submittable
rttuiacvb: subtractive
toaahhccm: stomachache
etuipslcb: susceptible
ettyiassm: systematise
eerialcvb: serviceable
12
iiiafgccnn: significance
ttiiopashc: sophisticate
eeoopppskl: spokespeople
eruippsslb: suppressible
eertioagvn: seronegative
ettuiocbmm: subcommittee
rrttuuuscb: substructure
ertooppscc: spectroscope
errttopash: stratosphere
eeruiscvbn: subservience
tttuiaasbn: substantiate
rtuuoalbnm: surmountable
eeetpashlc: steeplechase
ertuupaann: superannuate
eruiallcvn: surveillance
13
errtuiopadn: superordinate
eriiasfflcc: selfsacrifice
tttuuiaslbb: substitutable
ettiaasklnm: statesmanlike
14
eeiodfflccnn: selfconfidence
ertuuoasghhl: slaughterhouse
eiiipsdfllcn: selfdiscipline
eruupaadcbnn: superabundance
errrttuuupsc: superstructure
15
eeertuipdcnnn: superintendence
eerttuisdflcv: selfdestructive

sd
3
a: sad
u: sud
o: sod
4
el: sled
en: send
eh: shed
wa: swad
oh: shod
ee: seed
tu: stud
up: spud
an: sand
eu: sued
ik: skid
ol: sold
il: slid
ia: said
ru: surd
ep: sped
uc: scud
5
olc: scold
alc: scald
rah: shard
eoh: shoed
tan: stand
yon: synod
wea: sawed
wee: sewed
wra: sward
wro: sword
weo: sowed
too: stood
uon: sound
qua: squad
iol: solid
qui: squid
eav: saved
eip: spied
eex: sexed
aal: salad
eiz: sized
eep: speed
tia: staid
epn: spend
eta: sated, stead
eid: sided
eet: steed
eih: shied
eik: skied
eti: sited
erh: shred
eri: sired
6
eron: snored
eocn: second
eroh: shored
eunn: sunned
eroa: soared
eroc: scored
eton: stoned
etok: stoked
eera: seared
eerc: screed
weol: slowed
weon: snowed
eeiz: seized
eahm: shamed
eahv: shaved
eerv: served
eobb: sobbed
eyal: slayed
eeep: seeped
eupp: supped
eeed: seeded
eeem: seemed
eakc: sacked
eakn: snaked
eakl: slaked
eypa: spayed
etil: silted
erto: sorted, stored
eihn: shined
eihl: shield
etif: sifted
erta: stared
weya: swayed
epac: spaced
epad: spaded
epah: shaped
etav: staved
eukl: sulked
etag: staged
eolv: solved
etal: salted, slated
etak: skated, staked
uohl: should
eipc: spiced
eruf: surfed
erug: surged
weoh: showed
eipk: spiked
euol: souled
eodd: sodded
eruo: soured
weip: swiped
etyl: styled
eipp: sipped
euos: soused
etya: stayed
eokc: socked
eokm: smoked
eesn: sensed
eadn: sanded
eadh: shaded
tuip: stupid
einn: sinned
ealv: salved, slaved
eeta: seated
ealc: scaled
eiol: soiled
etta: stated
eumm: summed
eagg: sagged
eeam: seamed
eeal: sealed
riod: sordid
eeiv: sieved
eeab: seabed
eppa: sapped
eial: sailed
tiol: stolid
werh: shrewd
eoag: seagod
erac: sacred, scared
eran: snared
eidl: sidled, slided
eoak: soaked
erah: shared
erpa: spared, spread
eilm: smiled
eilc: sliced
eopa: soaped
eopl: sloped
ruoh: shroud
rtan: strand
week: skewed
etui: suited
weel: slewed
eukc: sucked
eohv: shoved
weep: spewed
weet: stewed
eooh: shooed
eubb: subbed
eubn: sunbed
eigh: sighed
eign: signed, singed
weto: stowed
7
eaggn: snagged
eushl: slushed
eeudc: seduced
etunn: stunned
etokc: stocked
etyhc: scythed
eubbn: snubbed
euudb: subdued
eeelv: sleeved
eukkl: skulked
eodlc: scolded
etuhn: shunted
euddc: scudded
weill: swilled
weeta: sweated
ertok: stroked
eikcb: sickbed
weraa: seaward
ettal: slatted
eiffn: sniffed
weram: swarmed
eerri: serried
eetmm: stemmed
weril: swirled
eeedb: seedbed
eeedc: seceded
eikmm: skimmed
eohkc: shocked
weell: swelled
eeeth: seethed, sheeted
eudgm: smudged
etuoh: shouted
eeetl: steeled
eippn: snipped
eippl: slipped
eippk: skipped
etpam: stamped
eipph: shipped
wetto: swotted
eiklc: slicked
errta: starred
erupn: spurned
eullc: sculled
ettin: stinted
eeetp: steeped
ettil: stilted
eikll: skilled
errti: stirred
euodn: sounded
etuop: spouted
erupl: slurped
eoppl: slopped
erocn: scorned
eopph: shopped
eopgn: sponged
weoop: swooped
epakn: spanked
etakc: stacked
etakl: stalked
weppa: swapped
eoffc: scoffed
etuoc: scouted
eetpp: stepped
ertup: spurted
weerv: swerved
weert: strewed
eooaf: seafood
eoopk: spooked
weerc: screwed
eeruc: secured
eipll: spilled
eiplc: spliced
eetcn: scented
erypa: sprayed
werta: steward
eaddl: saddled
etash: stashed
weolc: scowled
eruag: sugared
errac: scarred
etual: saluted
wryak: skyward
errpa: sparred
etafh: shafted
ertom: stormed
epann: spanned
erupc: spruced
weabb: swabbed
etill: stilled
eiddk: skidded
euplm: slumped
qerua: squared
eiknn: skinned
etuid: studied
eushh: shushed
etabb: stabbed
eacnn: scanned
ettop: spotted
etopm: stomped
etupm: stumped
eruoc: scoured, sourced
eilzz: sizzled
etigh: sighted
etign: stinged
etubn: subtend
etoop: stooped
etooh: soothed
ealmm: slammed
eepll: spelled
euill: sullied
ioflx: sixfold
ettun: stunted
eerob: sobered
eahmm: shammed
euilc: sluiced
eetam: steamed
etudd: studded
eetad: sedated
weish: swished
eashl: slashed
eashm: smashed
eehll: shelled
etifh: shifted
eakcm: smacked
eypal: splayed
etubb: stubbed
weoon: swooned
eoopc: scooped
etalb: stabled
erihk: shirked
eehlv: shelved
wetah: swathed
eoopn: snooped, spooned
etall: stalled
eoopl: spooled
etaln: slanted
eeepd: speeded
ertop: sported
eaklc: slacked
ericb: scribed
eupsn: suspend
ertta: started
etyim: stymied
ettol: slotted
wepan: spawned
erton: snorted
eoshl: sloshed
wepam: swamped
eiopl: spoiled
ertoh: shorted
weopp: swopped
ertav: starved
eraln: snarled
eilmm: slimmed
etifl: stifled
eetlm: smelted
euklc: suckled
epalm: sampled
eaagv: savaged
erikm: smirked
eerif: serifed
errul: slurred
eehcm: schemed
eaggh: shagged
epalc: scalped
etpal: stapled
etian: sainted, stained
euffn: snuffed
eettl: settled
eadlc: scalded
weeea: seaweed
errup: spurred
euffc: scuffed
etuff: stuffed
euhnn: shunned
eeucc: succeed
etaff: staffed
eerah: sheared
eiall: sallied
eellm: smelled
eeram: smeared
eeezn: sneezed
eacbb: scabbed
eoozn: snoozed
eipkm: skimped
eeert: steered
erpak: sparked
etipn: stipend
ertya: strayed
etahc: scathed
eppan: snapped
erpac: scraped
eppal: slapped
wetta: swatted
eoggl: slogged
eeern: sneered
eeerh: sheered
eeakn: sneaked
ertio: steroid
eihnn: shinned
iiogm: sigmoid
epacm: scamped
ertik: skirted
ertam: smarted
ertiv: strived
ertip: striped
eriab: seabird
etopp: stopped
eerpa: speared
quial: squalid
eeerv: severed
ertaf: strafed
euggl: slugged
8
ertumm: strummed
rtaadn: standard
erioph: spheroid
ertppa: strapped
euoghl: sloughed
euippl: supplied
etippl: stippled
eetiad: steadied
eeracm: screamed
eipdln: splendid
eethkc: sketched
etighl: slighted
eoallc: socalled
etyisl: stylised
eoohlc: schooled
toalcn: scotland
ryipah: shipyard
qeuash: squashed
eyidkv: skydived
ertahc: starched
wetihc: switched
erollc: scrolled
weeroh: showered
qetuin: squinted
ertipn: sprinted
werpal: sprawled
eripan: sprained
eeercn: screened
qeruim: squirmed
weeerk: skewered
eeidhl: shielded
euopps: supposed
eeralv: slavered
wtooof: softwood
eruafc: surfaced
ettiaa: satiated
eiahkn: skinhead
qertui: squirted
ertuop: sprouted
etuplc: sculpted
eeripm: simpered
qeeeuz: squeezed
rruuon: surround
ettuhl: shuttled
ertttu: strutted
ertadn: stranded
epashl: splashed
eertpc: sceptred
eerihk: shrieked
uiiosn: sinusoid
ruaggl: sluggard
euusbm: subsumed
eeudlc: secluded
eetahh: sheathed
eerphh: shepherd
eeodcn: seconded
weidln: swindled
eerihv: shivered
eahlbm: shambled
eiooln: solenoid
eerodl: soldered
eufflc: scuffled
eepklc: speckled
euffln: snuffled
erruic: scurried
eruodh: shrouded
eetofn: softened
eertoc: sectored
iiohzc: schizoid
eeaddn: saddened
werroo: sorrowed
ertopp: stropped
erihll: shrilled
eerrta: serrated
iopshl: slipshod
erppac: scrapped
eruism: surmised
eertak: streaked
eeilcn: silenced
eiadbn: sideband
eugglm: smuggled
eerimm: simmered
epagln: spangled
eertss: stressed
ertign: stringed
eruoav: savoured
oafflc: scaffold
euiffx: suffixed
qeeual: squealed
qeeuak: squeaked
erpakl: sparkled
eeikcn: sickened
euiffc: sufficed
eeruff: suffered
euohlc: slouched
ertian: strained
eeetlc: selected
eroaab: seaboard
etulbm: stumbled
eeertc: secreted
eeetpl: steepled
riogbn: songbird
iopahl: shipload
eerddh: shredded
erucbb: scrubbed
etoohm: smoothed
eerahc: searched
eruidn: sundried
eeryuv: surveyed
eertam: streamed
weralc: scrawled
euggln: snuggled
etulbb: stubbled
ettulc: scuttled
etipln: splinted
erttal: startled
ettihc: stitched
erohcc: scorched
ertiip: spirited
eyophn: syphoned
ertoll: strolled
eruogc: scourged
eericv: serviced
erttia: striated
eruivv: survived
qettua: squatted
eahklc: shackled
euisdb: subsided
ertipp: stripped
euonmm: summoned
qweuak: squawked
eerilv: silvered
ertipc: scripted
eroofh: serfhood
eaaglv: salvaged
eriaal: salaried
euusff: suffused
eruggh: shrugged
eeoasn: seasoned
etahcn: snatched
weoadh: shadowed
euilbm: sublimed
etahln: shetland
etohcc: scotched
etuocc: stuccoed
eripcm: scrimped
eiophn: siphoned
raacbb: scabbard
ettuia: situated
weaddl: swaddled
euffhl: shuffled
9
etoaagb: sabotaged
ettooah: statehood
wrtuoah: southward
rrypaac: scrapyard
etuahbn: sunbathed
etiiasn: sanitised
tiooahn: sainthood
etiiasf: satisfied
rruoafb: surfboard
eertthc: stretched
ettuilb: subtitled
etuissb: subsisted
ertuopp: supported
eruhccn: scrunched
eertuan: sauntered
qeeuinn: sequinned
etpahkc: sketchpad
eeradln: slandered
eoopahm: shampooed
erroacc: scorecard
erioadb: sideboard
eiaglln: signalled
eeoflvn: sevenfold
ertaggl: straggled
ettioan: stationed
euuccbm: succumbed
erttuaa: saturated
etuannn: suntanned
eroopsn: sponsored
eetiocn: sectioned
etuiasn: sustained
qeualbb: squabbled
euosnmm: summonsed
eerippk: skippered
eertuvb: subverted
eerpacm: scampered
eeetcnn: sentenced
eetallc: steelclad
eeruddh: shuddered
eeruppc: scuppered
riopahb: shipboard
ettaagn: stagnated
eeriodl: soldiered
eralcbm: scrambled
eerttac: scattered
eetiffn: stiffened
eerttah: shattered
eruoojn: sojourned
qeeeucn: sequenced
eralcbb: scrabbled
eeeetpn: steepened
werroah: shoreward
eeupsdn: suspended
euosbnn: snubnosed
eertihl: slithered
eeerhcc: screeched
eertpaa: separated
erilcbb: scribbled
eetudbn: subtended
weeragg: swaggered
eripkln: sprinkled
rrtoaab: starboard
eeeudcc: succeeded
eerulbm: slumbered
eertohm: smothered
eeudhlc: scheduled
eetusgg: suggested
eopallc: scalloped
eriossc: scissored
errtiif: stirfried
eetpadm: stampeded
eaadlln: sandalled
etoolcn: stonecold
eertttu: stuttered
eiiifgn: signified
rualcbn: scrubland
qeeuhlc: squelched
ertiias: satirised
eertagg: staggered
eruaafg: safeguard
eripall: spiralled
wweoall: swallowed
etiiolc: solicited
erupass: surpassed
eerugbm: submerged
wtiooan: satinwood
eeriggn: sniggered
ertiaah: stairhead
eeiipfc: specified
eriiafc: scarified
weeillv: swivelled
wwerroa: swearword
eeohllv: shovelled
wpaalnm: swampland
eerihmm: shimmered
eertamm: stammered
etuialm: simulated
eruubnn: sunburned
eettall: stellated
eetuipf: stupefied
eetujcb: subjected
eerttuh: shuttered
weeeetn: sweetened
rtoahhn: shorthand
eerttpa: spattered
ettuibm: submitted
eerpahn: sharpened
eeerthl: sheltered
eerttup: sputtered
ertahcc: scratched
wuoobnn: snowbound
wetaabn: sweatband
eertopp: stoppered
ertuggl: struggled
eeaklcn: slackened
eioosdm: sodomised
eertohn: shortened
eetupsc: suspected
ertagln: strangled
ertaddl: straddled
eertanm: smartened
eeetgnm: segmented
eerpaah: spearhead
etuudcb: subducted
eeagcvn: scavenged
erruips: surprised
10
eeertagg: segregated
weiadhcn: sandwiched
errttuuc: structured
tuuoohbn: southbound
eerttian: straitened
etiopklc: stockpiled
etiiafcn: sanctified
eoadhcnn: secondhand
eertipln: splintered
etiiaslb: stabilised
eetillcn: stencilled
eiioaslc: socialised
etyopacn: syncopated
etiogkcn: stockinged
eaadggbn: sandbagged
rtooghln: stronghold
etuoaffc: suffocated
etuialbm: sublimated
ertoaakb: skateboard
eetupalc: speculated
erttiiaf: stratified
euopllbn: spellbound
erruaghc: surcharged
ertuuonm: surmounted
eeruodhl: shouldered
ettuiifl: stultified
eeaafhcm: shamefaced
eeruodlm: smouldered
eeriiasl: serialised
eeruipsv: supervised
eiiipflm: simplified
weeertab: sweetbread
erttuacb: subtracted
etioacnn: sanctioned
weoallbn: snowballed
eerrtyya: starryeyed
eyioslbm: symbolised
errtoahb: shortbread
eeruppss: suppressed
eeuopabn: subpoenaed
etuppaln: supplanted
eerttupl: spluttered
ertiohlv: shortlived
eettaalm: stalemated
eeruopps: superposed
eeerupsd: superseded
eerihllv: shrivelled
ertuuplc: sculptured
ettuialm: stimulated
eertuoof: surefooted
euiissdb: subsidised
etyiadcn: syndicated
ertioosh: sisterhood
weoppacn: snowcapped
erruuodn: surrounded
eruiasmm: summarised
errooacb: scoreboard
etuuagjb: subjugated
eriiafcc: sacrificed
eertiisl: sterilised
eetiissn: sensitised
wooaadln: sandalwood
eiiiodfl: solidified
eeerpdhh: shepherded
eruiscbb: subscribed
qeeruadn: squandered
ettuipal: stipulated
etiooflb: softboiled
wruooghn: showground
euiiddvb: subdivided
eerttpal: splattered
etiopfhl: shoplifted
etiopsgn: signposted
11
eeruaadfg: safeguarded
eeerttyop: stereotyped
erttioshl: shortlisted
eeruiaslc: secularised
eiaasdlcn: scandalised
eertialnm: streamlined
etttuuisb: substituted
ertuoaagc: sugarcoated
ertuiiscn: scrutinised
eeerrtthc: stretchered
eetyisshn: synthesised
wrtioahcb: switchboard
eetiffkcn: stiffnecked
ioohhllcc: schoolchild
rriopagbn: springboard
qeeeertus: sequestered
eertuipnn: superintend
qeerruill: squirrelled
eeruooplc: supercooled
eertuaghl: slaughtered
wertiodhn: shortwinded
eiadllnmm: smallminded
eeerrrudn: surrendered
eeertflcn: selfcentred
eeetippsd: sidestepped
rtuaasdbn: substandard
eettuiohl: silhouetted
eertiadkc: sidetracked
eeertupah: superheated
eeerpaadh: spearheaded
ettiiasgm: stigmatised
erttuasdd: starstudded
weeriphkc: shipwrecked
weetoalln: stonewalled
eerttoafh: softhearted
eeiipaslc: specialised
etyipashm: sympathised
12
erttiosghh: shortsighted
qeeerttuas: sequestrated
eerrupaghc: supercharged
eruooopdfn: soundproofed
ertuioadbn: subordinated
eryioshcnn: synchronised
eeerpaadgl: spreadeagled
eerttooahb: sabretoothed
eeiidglnnm: singleminded
eeiipdlnmm: simpleminded
ertiodgnnm: strongminded
eerttiaghn: straightened
erttuaagln: strangulated
eeetiadhcm: semidetached
eeiadghlnn: singlehanded
ertoaghlln: stranglehold
ettiiallcn: scintillated
ertioopshn: spinsterhood
erttoasffh: shortstaffed
ertiaasddn: standardised
ertpaasgln: starspangled
eeeyopfllm: selfemployed
eeetupplnm: supplemented
eertuoaslm: somersaulted
eeerttghnn: strengthened
eeruioppsm: superimposed
13
eeripaglcnn: springcleaned
eeerrttophm: shorttempered
ettuoooghnm: smoothtongued
ettiiopashc: sophisticated
erttuoaccbn: subcontracted
ertuiiipasl: spiritualised
eetiiffllcn: selfinflicted
etttuiaasbn: substantiated
eertuupaann: superannuated
14
eerrttuupaas: supersaturated
errttuiiohcc: shortcircuited
eeerttusdflc: selfdestructed
eertooflllcn: selfcontrolled
15
eetiioaasslnn: sensationalised
eeettiiaslnnm: sentimentalised
wrrrttioaafgh: straightforward

lf
9
ettiiom: leitmotif
4
ea: leaf
oa: loaf
6
oofg: logoff
yoaf: layoff
7
tioff: liftoff

lg
3
a: lag
u: lug
e: leg
o: log
4
on: long
un: lung
5
yin: lying
6
iinm: liming
opad: lapdog
iosn: losing
iivn: living
wion: lowing
iacn: lacing
iopn: loping
iikn: liking
ruin: luring
iadn: lading
iinn: lining
iazn: lazing
iovn: loving
iasn: lasing
yian: laying
7
iiknn: linking
tiiln: lilting
eiggn: legging
iabnm: lambing
ioann: loaning
eerin: leering
eisnn: lensing
eyivn: levying
iakcn: lacking
tiisn: listing
iobbn: lobbing
riakn: larking
iokcn: locking
iognn: longing
iookn: looking
ioopn: looping
tuisn: lusting
tiifn: lifting
iipnm: limping
ruikn: lurking
uiadn: lauding
ioonm: looming
iadln: ladling
uignn: lunging
ioadn: loading
ioosn: loosing
tioon: looting
ioafn: loafing
uilln: lulling
wipan: lapwing
eiakn: leaking
iolln: lolling
iipsn: lisping
ioggn: logging
riodn: lording
eiann: leaning
eidnn: lending
iacnn: lancing
eiasn: leasing
eiafn: leafing
ioppn: lopping
yuadb: ladybug
iadnn: landing
eiadn: leading
ippan: lapping
uipnm: lumping
einmm: lemming
iodgn: lodging
eiavn: leaving
tiasn: lasting
ipasn: lapsing
uiggn: lugging
iashn: lashing
iikcn: licking
ettin: letting
eiipz: leipzig
eipan: leaping
iaggn: lagging
8
yihcnn: lynching
tiahcn: latching
tiighn: lighting
werion: lowering
uiognn: lounging
uihcnn: lunching
eeihcn: leeching
eryian: layering
eiofln: lifelong
tioacn: locating
eerivn: levering
wyioln: lowlying
tiiinm: limiting
eiiknn: likening
uiaghn: laughing
eiahcn: leaching
yiobbn: lobbying
eriann: learning
tioahn: loathing
eiivnn: livening
eropaf: leapfrog
eiashn: leashing
ioassn: lassoing
ruihcn: lurching
iiiasn: liaising
9
eiillbn: libelling
uiahcnn: launching
eerttin: lettering
eruibnm: lumbering
eeiavnn: leavening
eiiscnn: licensing
erttiin: littering
eeillvn: levelling
iiashvn: lavishing
etiisnn: listening
eioosnn: loosening
ertuicn: lecturing
ertiion: loitering
eriibnm: limbering
eiallbn: labelling
etiannm: lamenting
tiighnn: lightning
ruioabn: labouring
eeissnn: lessening
eriignn: lingering
10
etiighnn: lightening
iioaslcn: localising
ertiiabn: liberating
tiaasbnm: lambasting
etiiafkn: lifetaking
ertiaacn: lacerating
ttiiiagn: litigating
eruiadnn: laundering
rtuiiagn: ligaturing
ioopannm: lampooning
ettiiavn: levitating
eiiasgln: legalising
eiiifgvn: lifegiving
eiiasfvn: lifesaving
eriipadn: lipreading
wiiaadbn: lawabiding
eioakvnm: lovemaking
wioadnnn: landowning
11
eetighnnn: lengthening
tioasglnn: longlasting
etiiasgln: legislating
rtuuiiaxn: luxuriating
quiiiisdn: liquidising
uiiasghnn: languishing
ioaddhlnn: landholding
qtuiiiadn: liquidating
rtuiiacbn: lubricating
weriaakbn: lawbreaking
ipaasdcnn: landscaping
12
etiiiisgnm: legitimising
ruioaasvbn: laboursaving
ettiiiagnm: legitimating
tiiooosbnm: lobotomising
tioasdgnnn: longstanding
eriopafggn: leapfrogging
eriiiaslbn: liberalising
13
eruiosffgnn: longsuffering
15
eeerttiiafhnn: lifethreatening

ld
3
a: lad
i: lid
e: led
4
we: lewd
en: lend
ei: lied
ea: lead
oa: load
an: land
uo: loud
ra: lard
ia: laid
ro: lord
ua: laud
5
eob: lobed
uic: lucid
iiv: livid
eam: lamed
iip: lipid
eiv: lived
eac: laced
eru: lured
eaz: lazed
eov: loved
rui: lurid
eik: liked
ria: laird
eop: loped
ein: lined
6
eadn: landed
eoaf: loafed
eadl: ladled
epas: lapsed
eikn: linked
eoan: loaned
etif: lifted
eean: leaned
eidd: lidded
eull: lulled
etoo: looted
eoad: loaded
eogg: logged
etof: lofted
etis: listed
etus: lusted
eopp: lopped
eash: lashed
riaz: lizard
eoll: lolled
euad: lauded
eepa: leaped
iipm: limpid
quii: liquid
eobb: lobbed
eegn: legend
eagg: lagged
eeer: leered
eegg: legged
eruk: lurked
eeas: leased
eikc: licked
eook: looked
eodg: lodged
eeav: leaved
iagn: ligand
eeak: leaked
eupm: lumped
eeiv: levied
eugg: lugged
eoom: loomed
eugn: lunged
eipm: limped
eead: leaded
eeaf: leafed
eogn: longed
eppa: lapped
eakc: lacked
eokc: locked
eips: lisped
etas: lasted
eipp: lipped
eacn: lanced
eoop: looped
eoos: loosed
7
etigh: lighted
eeikn: likened
ryaan: lanyard
paaln: lapland
eiias: liaised
eeash: leashed
eruhc: lurched
euhcn: lunched
euagh: laughed
woaln: lowland
euogn: lounged
etoah: loathed
etiim: limited
eropa: leopard
weera: leeward
weero: lowered
eyhcn: lynched
eeran: learned
eoass: lassoed
etahc: latched
eeivn: livened
eiobb: lobbied
eeahc: leached
eripa: lipread
uiagn: languid
raagg: laggard
eruov: louvred
eeisn: linseed
eerya: layered
ertoa: leotard
etoac: located
eeerv: levered
eeilb: libeled
8
eeellv: levelled
ertiab: librated
eerign: lingered
eruoab: laboured
eeiscn: licensed
euahcn: launched
eiiosn: lionised
wraadn: landward
eeeifn: linefeed
eeihcn: lichened
ryiadb: ladybird
eetanm: lamented
eeessn: lessened
eerubm: lumbered
eeallb: labelled
eertuc: lectured
eeillb: libelled
eertio: loitered
eeradd: laddered
eeertt: lettered
eetisn: listened
eertti: littered
eiopsd: lopsided
eeoosn: loosened
eeruis: leisured
eeriiv: liveried
wrooan: loanword
roadln: landlord
oaghnn: longhand
yiophm: lymphoid
eiashv: lavished
wertaf: leftward
eeeavn: leavened
ettiac: latticed
eertah: lathered
9
ertuiag: ligatured
eetighn: lightened
eeiasgl: legalised
eruiafg: lifeguard
qeeruac: lacquered
eeeragv: leveraged
etiaanm: laminated
qeeuiif: liquefied
etaasbm: lambasted
eoopanm: lampooned
eioglvn: longlived
eertaac: lacerated
eeiisfz: lifesized
rryooal: lorryload
eiooflb: lifeblood
eoafgcn: longfaced
eioaslc: localised
eertiab: liberated
eettiav: levitated
eeoashl: leasehold
eeruadn: laundered
10
euiasghn: languished
eoadklcn: landlocked
qeuiiisd: liquidised
eeiidknm: likeminded
ertuiacb: lubricated
eetiasgl: legislated
eetadfhn: lefthanded
eiioohkl: likelihood
epaasdcn: landscaped
eeriiasn: linearised
wetiophc: lowpitched
eeerttah: letterhead
weiodgnn: longwinded
eeetghnn: lengthened
qetuiiad: liquidated
eiioohlv: livelihood
11
eeeeadhlv: levelheaded
eeriiaslb: liberalised
eeryiillv: lilylivered
etuuoodhm: loudmouthed
wertiiops: lowspirited
etiooosbm: lobotomised
wetioaagn: longawaited
eetiiisgm: legitimised
eettiiagm: legitimated
eetiadghh: lightheaded
12
eerttiaghh: lighthearted

le
3
i: lie
y: lye
e: lee
4
ac: lace
ad: lade
ak: lake
am: lame
an: lane
ik: like
im: lime
in: line
ic: lice
az: laze
as: lase
if: life
ru: lure
tu: lute
ry: lyre
ro: lore
ri: lire
ta: late
iv: live
on: lone
od: lode
ob: lobe
un: lune
uk: luke
ov: love
os: lose
op: lope
5
uos: louse
rag: large
pas: lapse
edg: ledge
ruc: lucre
rti: litre
acn: lance
eon: leone
rio: loire
ugn: lunge
tih: lithe
oos: loose
adl: ladle
odg: lodge
tah: lathe
eas: lease
eav: leave
6
ialb: labile, liable
iass: lassie
eihc: lichee
rtus: lustre
uogn: lounge
eyhc: lychee
ttil: little
iadd: laddie
oalc: locale
ruov: louvre
eexm: lexeme
euag: league
iias: liaise
etag: legate
yisn: lysine
toah: loathe
uohc: louche
iagn: linage
eugm: legume
toac: locate
tuan: lunate
eess: lessee
ipas: lipase
uagn: lagune
raav: larvae
7
aasgn: lasagne
eogzn: lozenge
eiagn: lineage
rtiab: librate
iagkn: linkage
oagkc: lockage
ettuc: lettuce
oaslb: losable
uaggg: luggage
ertuc: lecture
toasc: lactose
eiccn: licence
eaagk: leakage
uaacn: lacunae
erops: leprose
eetag: legatee
iiosn: lionise
oalvb: lovable
rtian: latrine
ttiac: lattice
ialvb: livable
ttaac: lactate
eruis: leisure
tiign: lignite
euicn: leucine
eiscn: license
iaklb: likable
iossm: lissome
eiglb: legible
8
ertiab: liberate
eeiscn: licensee
weriiv: livewire
eeasgl: legalese
ooophl: loophole
wiogln: lilongwe
oaadlb: loadable
tiaanm: laminate
eoadnm: lemonade
eiisfz: lifesize
erttia: literate
eialvb: liveable
tioacv: locative
eiasgl: legalise
weiisk: likewise
oaklcb: lockable
uaaggn: language
eeragv: leverage
oaalbn: loanable
ttiiag: litigate
eriign: lingerie
ertuaa: laureate
roassc: lacrosse
eeradf: leadfree
ttuiad: latitude
etiifm: lifetime
eiaklb: likeable
tiaaxv: laxative
ertaac: lacerate
rtuiag: ligature
eiifln: lifeline
eoosnm: lonesome
tooocm: locomote
eiifkl: lifelike
yiadkl: ladylike
eiasdk: lakeside
ioaslc: localise
ettiav: levitate
riiocc: licorice
iadnnm: landmine
eoalvb: loveable
iaklbn: linkable
uaadlb: laudable
iasddn: landside
9
rtuiacv: lucrative
wtyiihl: lilywhite
tuiassd: lassitude
rtuiacb: lubricate
etyisfl: lifestyle
weroasc: lowercase
tuihcnm: lunchtime
qtuiiad: liquidate
etoosdn: lodestone
rtuuiax: luxuriate
paasdhm: lampshade
uaaghlb: laughable
toaalcb: locatable
quiiisd: liquidise
etiosnm: limestone
uiiosnm: limousine
eraalbn: learnable
tuiodgn: longitude
iasddln: landslide
qruiioc: liquorice
ertiibn: libertine
iooakkl: lookalike
paasdcn: landscape
uiacnnm: luminance
etiasgl: legislate
tooashm: loathsome
10
ettiiagm: legitimate
ruuiaxcn: luxuriance
ryoashcm: lachrymose
etiiisgm: legitimise
errttuia: literature
rtuasklc: lacklustre
tuiosghh: lighthouse
eriipscv: lipservice
erttuadn: laundrette
tyyophcm: lymphocyte
ettiiacn: licentiate
etaalbnm: lamentable
eriiaslb: liberalise
tiooocvm: locomotive
wetisghn: lengthwise
11
eerttuadn: launderette
etiiasglv: legislative
ertiopshh: lithosphere
ertuiasgl: legislature
12
eeuisccnnm: luminescence
rtyiiahbnn: labyrinthine
eriiaassfz: laissezfaire
15
ertuiioasvbnn: labourintensive

lb
3
a: lab
o: lob
4
im: limb
am: lamb

lc
5
iog: logic
ial: lilac
ryi: lyric
6
tiac: lactic
7
tuian: lunatic
ioacn: laconic
8
tiiosg: logistic
9
ertiagh: lethargic
tyipahm: lymphatic
10
tuiiisgn: linguistic
etiiasgl: legalistic
11
rtiioaghm: logarithmic
tyyiophcm: lymphocytic
12
rtiiopaghh: lithographic
erttiiiasl: literalistic
13
eriiopaghxc: lexicographic

la
3
e: lea
4
am: lama
ry: lyra
un: luna
im: lima
av: lava
ri: lira
5
rav: larva
emm: lemma
yib: libya
alm: llama
iab: labia
6
uacn: lacuna
uign: lingua
tiav: latvia
ianm: lamina
adbm: lambda
uadn: luanda
uask: lusaka
7
eiolb: lobelia
eriib: liberia
8
yophmm: lymphoma
eeuikm: leukemia
ertiis: listeria
9
eeuiakm: leukaemia

ln
4
oo: loon
ei: lien
yo: lyon
wa: lawn
ea: lean
oa: loan
io: lion, loin
ia: lain
5
eum: lumen
eiv: liven
ead: laden
eom: lemon
uip: lupin
era: learn
eik: liken
tia: latin
ein: lenin, linen
6
eios: lesion
eidn: linden
eihc: lichen
etop: lepton
yaam: layman
eeyd: leyden
etis: listen
oodn: london
waam: lawman
eyam: laymen
weam: lawmen
iosb: lisbon
eagm: legman
eeav: leaven
yiab: libyan
eiog: legion
eead: leaden
eoss: lesson
eess: lessen
eupm: lumpen
ooag: lagoon
eoos: loosen
tioo: lotion
7
erogh: leghorn
oopam: lampoon
tiaav: latvian
eoabn: lebanon
eeinm: linemen
eioxc: lexicon
etifm: liftmen
eianm: lineman
aadnm: landman
iioas: liaison
iolcn: lincoln
ertan: lantern
eertc: lectern
eiasb: lesbian
ioaln: lanolin
tiafm: liftman
etigh: lighten
8
uiiosm: limousin
eetghn: lengthen
eeisnm: linesmen
eroolv: lovelorn
iaskbm: lambskin
eiiklm: limekiln
iioagc: logician
iiphcn: linchpin
tiooac: location
eipasf: lifespan
euohcn: luncheon
tiioab: libation
eiasnm: linesman
etioag: legation
yiphcn: lynchpin
9
eryopas: layperson
etiaahv: leviathan
rriiaab: librarian
ttioaac: lactation
10
tiioaanm: lamination
ttiiioag: litigation
ertioaac: laceration
ttiiioam: limitation
ettiioav: levitation
tioooocm: locomotion
eerupahc: leprechaun
ertiioab: liberation
11
eriopasdk: leopardskin
rtuiioacb: lubrication
qtuiiioad: liquidation
tuiiipall: lilliputian
ettioaanm: lamentation
eeeriadgm: legerdemain
etiioasgl: legislation
eetioafbm: lifeboatmen
errtiiaab: libertarian
12
tiiooaaslc: localisation
etiioaasgl: legalisation
qetuiioafc: liquefaction
ettiiioagm: legitimation
14
erttiioaaasl: lateralisation
ettiiiioasgm: legitimisation
ertiiioaaslb: liberalisation

lo
3
o: loo
4
og: logo
oc: loco
im: limo
in: lino
ud: ludo
id: lido
5
ass: lasso
rag: largo
etn: lento
ibm: limbo
tto: lotto
6
tian: latino
iidb: libido
etag: legato
erib: libero
7
ioppm: limpopo
etosh: lesotho
uagbm: lumbago
8
eroadn: leonardo
erttib: libretto

ll
4
ul: lull
ol: loll
5
eev: level
oac: local
eab: label
eag: legal
eib: libel
yoa: loyal
epa: lapel
6
etin: lentil, lintel
erua: laurel
upaf: lapful
iaab: labial
wuaf: lawful
etah: lethal
raav: larval
7
uiagn: lingual
ertia: literal
eiaxc: lexical
uufgn: lungful
ryiac: lyrical
tuusf: lustful
iianm: liminal
uianm: luminal
etaac: lacteal
eriab: liberal
ertaa: lateral
ioagc: logical
8
iadfln: landfill
aadfln: landfall
rttioa: littoral
9
ryaahcm: lachrymal
eryaagn: laryngeal
wooasbm: lambswool
10
rtuiiagc: liturgical
rtioaaav: lavatorial
tiooaacn: locational
tiioasgc: logistical
11
ttuiiaadn: latitudinal
12
tiiooaghlc: lithological
tuiioadgnn: longitudinal
13
iiaaaasdkcc: lackadaisical
15
eriiopaaghxcc: lexicographical

lm
3
a: lam
4
oo: loom
oa: loam
6
ioss: lissom
oagj: logjam
uiab: labium
7
tuiih: lithium
eroog: legroom
8
eiasgl: legalism
euioln: linoleum
roadfn: landform
ryiisc: lyricism
weruak: lukewarm
ruuabn: laburnum
9
rtioagh: logarithm
10
eeruasbn: lebensraum
eiiassbn: lesbianism
ertiiasl: literalism
eriiaslb: liberalism
14
errtiiiaasbn: libertarianism

lk
8
eriicm: limerick
raadnm: landmark
tiipsc: lipstick
weriof: lifework
weroac: lacework
eioscv: lovesick
9
etioscv: livestock
upahccn: lunchpack
10
ertuoscv: lovestruck
eruajcbm: lumberjack
4
oo: look
ru: lurk
ac: lack
ee: leek
oc: lock
ea: leak
an: lank
ra: lark
in: link
ic: lick
uc: luck
7
werog: legwork
ooogb: logbook

lh
4
to: loth
as: lash
oc: loch
us: lush
ta: lath
5
ycn: lynch
rac: larch
ruc: lurch
eac: leach
uag: laugh
tac: latch
ucn: lunch
eas: leash
toa: loath
eec: leech
ypm: lymph
6
etgn: length
uacn: launch
iasv: lavish
wios: lowish
7
ettis: lettish
uipsm: lumpish
etisf: leftish
iosgn: longish
riasg: largish
tuios: loutish
8
uisfgn: lungfish
uiasgn: languish
eriisv: liverish
9
qruiios: liquorish
eriiskc: lickerish
tioskcm: locksmith
rtyiabn: labyrinth
tioolcn: loincloth
10
rtiopagh: lithograph
12
eetiaaddfn: lifeanddeath

li
8
erttia: literati
erttib: libretti
4
ev: levi
oc: loci
5
ihc: lichi
6
tihc: litchi
ualz: lazuli
7
eerol: lorelei

lv
9
ettiiom: leitmotiv

lw
3
a: law
o: low
7
oajkc: lockjaw

lt
3
i: lit
e: let
o: lot
4
oo: loot
en: lent
of: loft
is: list
ef: left
ea: leat
uo: lout
us: lust
as: last
il: lilt
in: lint
os: lost
es: lest
if: lift
5
iim: limit
eas: least
epa: leapt
igh: light
ean: leant
6
easm: lamest
eanm: lament
eokc: locket
etas: latest
eran: learnt
uosc: locust
eipm: limpet
eacn: lancet
weos: lowest
yuoa: layout
ryis: lyrist
etan: latent
einn: linnet
7
eiasz: laziest
eussh: lushest
uookc: lockout
euion: lineout
eosgn: longest
eeasn: leanest
wuias: lawsuit
eooss: loosest
eabnm: lambent
ipalm: lamplit
erasg: largest
etisf: leftist
euosd: loudest
eraaz: lazaret
eeafl: leaflet
uoook: lookout
eeinn: lenient
8
etuiss: lustiest
weiosl: lowliest
ettisl: littlest
eeiflb: lifebelt
etisgh: lightest
euioss: lousiest
euiskc: luckiest
eeiask: leakiest
etiosf: loftiest
etosfm: leftmost
eeiasf: leafiest
euipsm: lumpiest
tiiagn: litigant
oppasm: lamppost
eiinnm: liniment
eoalcn: lancelot
oosgln: longlost
eriaff: liferaft
eiaskn: lankiest
eioafb: lifeboat
yiosbb: lobbyist
ryiisc: lyricist
eiagnm: ligament
uiisgn: linguist
yioasl: loyalist
yuoaab: layabout
uiipll: lilliput
9
eeiiskl: likeliest
ruuiaxn: luxuriant
eeiosln: loneliest
eeiislv: liveliest
ruiacbn: lubricant
eeioslv: loveliest
eeodgnm: lodgement
ipaghlm: lamplight
eiighlm: limelight
10
eetuiann: lieutenant
tiooosbm: lobotomist
eetisghn: lengthiest
erttiisb: librettist
11
wetiigghh: lightweight
eeuiscnnm: luminescent

lu
4
ul: lulu
ei: lieu

lr
3
u: lur
4
ia: lair, liar
ee: leer
5
eya: layer
eum: lemur
uox: luxor
eiv: liver
eev: lever
weo: lower
eep: leper
eag: lager
eon: loner
eos: loser
eax: laxer
eta: later
eov: lover
uan: lunar
eas: laser
ein: liner
6
eadn: lander
erag: larger
erad: larder
eoad: loader
eedn: lender
eehc: lecher
eoaf: loafer
eoan: loaner
eadd: ladder
eedg: ledger
weya: lawyer
etoo: looter
eubb: lubber
etio: loiter
eogg: logger
eush: lusher
etoc: lector
eogn: longer
uabm: lumbar
eopp: lopper
eepa: leaper
uoab: labour
eibm: limber
quio: liquor
etah: lather
etta: latter
etuh: luther
eikn: linker
eaag: laager
euod: louder
eeid: lieder
eruk: lurker
etti: litter
eett: letter
eeav: leaver
euov: louver
etif: lifter
eean: leaner
eodg: lodger
eead: leader
eook: looker
eokc: locker
eiaz: lazier
eubm: lumber
eoss: lessor
eess: lesser
eacn: lancer
eian: linear
eign: linger
eoos: looser
eiac: lacier
7
etigh: lighter
euagh: laugher
weiol: lowlier
uoalb: lobular
eeiak: leakier
euogn: lounger
etiim: limiter
eeiaf: leafier
eetah: leather
etiof: loftier
qeuui: liqueur
eiakn: lankier
iaanm: laminar
eeran: learner
euikc: luckier
qeuac: lacquer
euadn: launder
euifc: lucifer
euipm: lumpier
etosb: lobster
tooac: locator
etoag: legator
uoagn: languor
etuis: lustier
ettil: littler
eeilb: libeler
8
eeellv: leveller
eertio: loiterer
etoasd: lodestar
eeiolv: lovelier
eeillb: libeller
eerign: lingerer
euahcn: launcher
eruoab: labourer
eeiikl: likelier
weaakm: lawmaker
eeypaa: leapyear
etuagh: laughter
eetofv: leftover
eeiilv: livelier
eetanm: lamenter
eoodnn: londoner
eetisn: listener
eertuc: lecturer
eeioln: lonelier
eeadvn: lavender
9
ertioab: liberator
eetighn: lengthier
weoadnn: landowner
eetoacm: latecomer
wweoanm: lawnmower
10
qeuiiisd: liquidiser
eetadfhn: lefthander
weeraakb: lawbreaker
qtuiioad: liquidator
etioasgl: legislator
euioadhl: loudhailer
11
eeuopasdk: loudspeaker
weeeruias: leisurewear
etipaghlm: lamplighter
eeeoasdhl: leaseholder
12
weeerrttti: letterwriter
13
eeriopaghxc: lexicographer

ls
3
a: las
l: lls
4
ac: lacs
ab: labs
ei: lies
ad: lads
ag: lags
ee: lees
ip: lips
eg: legs
as: lass
en: lens
et: lets
wo: lows
id: lids
es: less
to: lots
pa: laps
wa: laws
ya: lays
og: logs
ob: lobs
oa: laos
ug: lugs
os: loss
5
rad: lards
ugn: lungs
tas: lasts
edn: lends
rak: larks
uio: louis
ipm: limps
ips: lisps
tah: laths
uad: lauds
ria: lairs, liars
oag: lagos
wan: lawns
oad: loads
oan: loans
oam: loams
abm: lambs
tis: lists
uoc: locus
eop: lopes
eru: lures
too: loots
adn: lands
yon: lyons
tif: lifts
tof: lofts
pam: lamps
ruk: lurks
eak: lakes, leaks
ull: lulls
ean: lanes, leans
oom: looms
rod: lords
eac: laces
tus: lusts
ead: leads
ook: looks
ikc: licks
ion: lions, loins
okc: locks
ogn: longs
oop: loops
tuo: lotus, louts
ohc: lochs
ikn: links
upm: lumps
oaf: loafs
eob: lobes
ibm: limbs
eiv: lives
aam: lamas
oog: logos
etu: lutes
ery: lyres
eer: leers
eos: loess, loses
aav: lavas
etf: lefts
eov: loves
eek: leeks
akc: lacks
eed: leeds
eik: likes
ein: liens, lines
eim: limes
epa: leaps
6
erag: lagers
eadl: ladles
epas: lapses
erti: litres
ialc: lilacs
eran: learns
aalm: llamas
eedg: ledges
erin: liners
eoav: loaves
eras: lasers
eyxn: lynxes
erov: lovers
epal: lapels
einn: linens
tuim: litmus
eahc: laches
eonm: lemons
eelv: levels
eash: lashes
eyim: limeys
eilb: libels
erya: layers
eerp: lepers
eriv: livers
iipd: lipids
riad: lairds
eerv: levers
eros: losers
ealb: labels
oalc: locals
eass: lasses
eikn: likens
ryic: lyrics
tigh: lights
iogc: logics
eivn: livens
eeas: leases
tiim: limits
eodg: lodges
eeav: leaves
eugn: lunges
eron: loners
eeiv: levies
eiil: lilies
erum: lemurs
uipn: lupins
yyab: laybys
etah: lathes
eesn: lenses
eoss: losses
wero: lowers
eacn: lances
eiad: ladies
eoos: looses
uagh: laughs
eamm: lemmas
iihc: lichis
7
eerdg: ledgers
eerdn: lenders
weasl: lawless
eiosn: lesions, lioness
eeash: leashes
iosgn: losings
eroaf: loafers
eroad: loaders
iignn: linings
ooagn: lagoons
eoalc: locales
toppa: laptops
etahc: latches
opadg: lapdogs
weosn: lowness
tioon: lotions
euipn: lineups, lupines
iigvn: livings
werya: lawyers
eradd: ladders
eruad: lauders
ettio: litotes
erign: lingers
tuosc: locusts
eihcn: lichens
ruaaz: lazarus
erikn: linkers
riadz: lizards
erash: lashers
eribm: limbers
eracn: lancers
qruio: liquors
erokc: lockers
eedgn: legends
etacn: lancets
yoaff: layoffs
eiass: lassies
eesgl: legless
errad: larders
ertoo: looters
eiobb: lobbies
eeugm: legumes
eertt: letters
etiln: lentils, lintels
eruov: louvers, louvres
erual: laurels
eruop: leprous
etghn: lengths
errio: lorries
etisn: listens
tyuoa: layouts
eoosn: loosens
eiogn: legions
eyakc: lackeys
erubm: lumbers
eetif: lefties
euogn: lounges
erubb: lubbers
eeehc: leeches
eeess: lessees
easxn: laxness
uipkn: linkups
eetag: legates
eyhcn: lynches
eeuag: leagues
erodg: lodgers
eioll: lollies
iagcn: lacings
eossn: lessons
eeahc: leaches
iadgn: ligands
iigkn: likings
eross: lessors
uaacn: lacunas
eeyhc: lychees
eeexm: lexemes
ertoc: lectors
etoac: locates
erahc: larches
etinn: linnets
ertti: litters
etoah: loathes
eiias: liaises
eruhc: lurches
eropp: loppers
erogg: loggers
euhcn: lunches
etipm: limpets
yiabn: libyans
eessn: lessens
erook: lookers
eisdl: lidless
etiac: latices
ruoab: labours
etopn: leptons
erruk: lurkers
iaalb: labials
quiid: liquids
eerad: leaders
etanm: laments
eiadd: laddies
eerav: leavers
ertif: lifters
ertio: loiters
ertah: lathers
8
eigggn: leggings
eislbm: limbless
ertosb: lobsters
euahcn: launches
ettisf: leftists
eeoslv: loveless
erruhc: lurchers
eetafl: leaflets
etighn: lightens
qeruac: lacquers
aasdnm: landmass
eoshcn: lochness
ertaal: laterals
eeasfl: leafless
iodggn: lodgings
eeasnn: leanness
eeasnm: lameness
eiashv: lavishes
ooogkb: logbooks
ettiac: lattices
uuiosc: luscious
uufgln: lungfuls
iioasn: liaisons
eignmm: lemmings
eiagkn: linkages
eeiagc: legacies
eeiagn: lineages
eeetag: legatees
eruhcn: lunchers
weesdn: lewdness
eusshn: lushness
wtuias: lawsuits
eeisfl: lifeless
etuion: lineouts
easdln: landless
eropad: leopards
tuoook: lookouts
euiacn: lunacies
ettign: lettings
wipagn: lapwings
eeriiv: liveries
qeruui: liqueurs
eioxcn: lexicons
eryaxn: larynxes
iadgnn: landings
ertann: lanterns
etiian: litanies
tiisgn: listings
eeogzn: lozenges
ertigh: lighters
eiaszn: laziness
raadgg: laggards
eeiscn: licenses
erypam: lampreys
etissl: listless
eusklc: luckless
rtooac: locators
erialb: liberals
euosdn: loudness
tuiacn: lunatics
eetasn: lateness
eeiolv: lovelies
eeaagk: leakages
ertoad: leotards
eertah: leathers
ertiab: librates
ertial: literals
eertuc: lectures
ertian: latrines
ioggnn: longings
eruuix: luxuries
ertiim: limiters
eeiskn: likeness
eruogn: loungers
woadln: lowlands
eettuc: lettuces
eroghn: leghorns
eeiccn: licences
oopanm: lampoons
eiagvn: leavings
ioadgn: loadings
eiagnn: leanings
uuionm: luminous
iasghn: lashings
eerran: learners
tuookc: lockouts
rtuuos: lustrous
eiasbn: lesbians
9
iioagcn: logicians
eetiacn: latencies
wrooadn: loanwords
eyoazbn: lazybones
roadfnm: landforms
ruuuiox: luxurious
etioafb: lifeboats
eriodvb: lovebirds
eeiossn: lionesses
tyuoaab: layabouts
euohcnn: luncheons
etiosfn: loftiness
eiadlnn: landlines
eruahcn: launchers
ttiiagn: litigants
tyiosbb: lobbyists
etiislm: limitless
ettuiad: latitudes
eertofv: leftovers
eeruohc: lecherous
ryiaddb: ladybirds
erruoab: labourers
euipsnm: lumpiness
euiallb: lullabies
etiaanm: laminates
eeiaskn: leakiness
ertiaff: liferafts
raadknm: landmarks
ruiooab: laborious
tiipskc: lipsticks
toppasm: lampposts
ipasdln: landslips
tuiiiog: litigious
ertuiig: liturgies
euiollb: libellous
eerrtio: loiterers
roaddln: landlords
etyioal: loyalties
eerrtuc: lecturers
euaaggn: languages
tyioasl: loyalists
tiiosgc: logistics
tiooacn: locations
eetiifm: lifetimes
ertuiag: ligatures
tuiisgn: linguists
eeeiscn: licensees
eertiib: liberties
eeoossn: looseness
eriikcm: limericks
eeiifln: lifelines
eioaslc: localises
ruuiodc: ludicrous
weraakm: lawmakers
rtyiisc: lyricists
eertisn: listeners
eertiab: liberates
etiagnm: ligaments
etiinnm: liniments
eruiadn: laundries
eooophl: loopholes
eruasdn: laundress
iooppll: lollipops
erioffm: lifeforms
yopahmm: lymphomas
eerasgn: largeness
yipasdh: ladyships
wertadf: leftwards
etiaaxv: laxatives
eipasfn: lifespans
etisghl: lightless
eerttio: lotteries
etisghn: lightness
eeiasfn: leafiness
tiioabn: libations
riopsdh: lordships
eetghnn: lengthens
eettiav: levitates
erriiab: libraries
10
eruiianm: luminaries
uiioascv: lascivious
eeioslvn: loveliness
euiasghn: languishes
uiiiodbn: libidinous
etiooobm: lobotomies
eeiislvn: liveliness
eertiibn: libertines
eiasddln: landslides
ettiiofm: leitmotifs
eetiannm: lineaments
rryooadl: lorryloads
rriiaabn: librarians
epaasdhm: lampshades
ruuiiocb: lubricious
weroadln: lowlanders
ettiiovm: leitmotivs
etiioalc: localities
weroadnn: landowners
etuiodgn: longitudes
eiosssnm: lissomness
eeioslnn: loneliness
euuiognm: leguminous
euiiosnm: limousines
rtyiiagn: laryngitis
eiooakkl: lookalikes
ruuuiogb: lugubrious
weuasfln: lawfulness
eetyisfl: lifestyles
eetiosnm: limestones
eertoacm: latecomers
eeeisskn: likenesses
wweroanm: lawnmowers
ertuiacb: lubricates
wetyaghn: lengthways
epaasdcn: landscapes
rtuiacbn: lubricants
ertioaav: lavatories
werrtiov: liverworts
rtyiahbn: labyrinths
eruiadfg: lifeguards
eiagllbn: labellings
etuihcnm: lunchtimes
eiaaddln: landladies
ruuooagn: languorous
eertussl: lustreless
eeerasdl: leaderless
eettisln: littleness
quuiooac: loquacious
errtioab: liberators
etuiiocn: licentious
eetiiagl: legalities
eiasshvn: lavishness
rtioaghm: logarithms
11
ertioaacn: lacerations
eertadfhn: lefthanders
eettuiann: lieutenants
ttiiioanm: limitations
etyyophcm: lymphocytes
qrtuiioad: liquidators
eruajkcbm: lumberjacks
eroaddhln: landholders
eerttuadn: laundrettes
eeripasdh: leaderships
etiiiialb: liabilities
eerrttuia: literatures
eruioadhl: loudhailers
eeerttoxb: letterboxes
etuiosghh: lighthouses
eeerttadh: letterheads
eeriioagn: legionaries
etuiosshn: loutishness
rtiopaghh: lithographs
eiioodhlv: livelihoods
eeiosssnm: lissomeness
weeasssln: lawlessness
eeroadggh: loggerheads
ertioasgl: legislators
etiooocvm: locomotives
etiiooghl: lithologies
tuiiisgcn: linguistics
ertttiisb: librettists
weerraakb: lawbreakers
eeerrttps: letterpress
eerupahcn: leprechauns
12
errtiiaabn: libertarians
ioaddghlnn: landholdings
iooasggkln: lookingglass
wettiigghh: lightweights
qtuiiioadn: liquidations
eertuipshc: lectureships
eeeoossnnm: lonesomeness
errtiooaab: laboratories
eertuiasgl: legislatures
eeeisssfln: lifelessness
eeeroasdhl: leaseholders
eeerttuadn: launderettes
ettioaannm: lamentations
eeruopasdk: loudspeakers
etuiiiosnm: luminosities
eerrioagbn: loganberries
eetissssln: listlessness
eeriioagnn: legionnaires
13
tiiooaaslcn: localisations
eruuiossdcn: ludicrousness
eeeruosshcn: lecherousness
etuiiiossgn: litigiousness
eruiooassbn: laboriousness
eetooasshnm: loathsomeness
14
eerriopaghxc: lexicographers
weeiosddgnnn: longwindedness
erttiiioasbn: liberationists
eiooassggkln: lookingglasses
eetuiiosscnn: licentiousness
eeetasddfhnn: lefthandedness
euiioassscvn: lasciviousness
15
eeetiasddghhn: lightheadedness
16
eeerttiasdghhn: lightheartedness

lp
3
a: lap
i: lip
o: lop
4
oo: loop
am: lamp
is: lisp
ea: leap
um: lump
pa: lapp
im: limp
6
uikn: linkup
topa: laptop
euin: lineup
8
ioopll: lollipop
yiasdh: ladyship
riosdh: lordship
iasdln: landslip
9
tiisghh: lightship
10
eeriasdh: leadership
11
eertuishc: lectureship
13
rriiiaashbn: librarianship

lx
9
eerttob: letterbox
3
a: lax
u: lux
4
yn: lynx
5
eru: lurex
eta: latex
6
ryan: larynx

ly
3
a: lay
4
ac: lacy
ev: levy
ad: lady
il: lily
in: liny
az: lazy
5
rro: lorry
uos: lousy
eak: leaky
upm: lumpy
ukc: lucky
oop: loopy
wol: lowly
tof: lofty
oam: loamy
oon: loony
obb: lobby
eaf: leafy
oll: lolly
etf: lefty
akn: lanky
tus: lusty
egg: leggy
tia: laity
yab: layby
6
rodl: lordly
eilv: lively
iplm: limply
ialz: lazily
etiv: levity
weok: lowkey
eoln: lonely
eriv: livery
eolv: lovely
etal: lately
ealm: lamely
eagc: legacy
eikl: likely
tiax: laxity
weea: leeway
tian: litany
eakc: lackey
uacn: lunacy
tasl: lastly
eoon: looney
ruux: luxury
uodl: loudly
7
uiklc: luckily
ruidl: luridly
tiofl: loftily
uallb: lullaby
eoosl: loosely
uidlc: lucidly
eragl: largely
qeuif: liquefy
eracn: larceny
tighl: lightly
etacn: latency
iidlv: lividly
erops: leprosy
eagll: legally
tyoal: loyalty
quiif: liquify
rtuig: liturgy
erpam: lamprey
uiosl: lousily
oallc: locally
eellv: levelly
ruadn: laundry
eerhc: lechery
tuisl: lustily
ertib: liberty
etihl: lithely
rriab: library
yoall: loyally
etghn: lengthy
ertto: lottery
eiglb: legibly
8
ertagh: lethargy
iashlv: lavishly
tooobm: lobotomy
ertiac: literacy
etahll: lethally
ioglvn: lovingly
ruianm: luminary
tuiidc: lucidity
eertah: leathery
errtia: literary
eialln: lineally
wuafll: lawfully
aaddln: landlady
tioalc: locality
ripaad: lapidary
eeicnn: leniency
rtoaav: lavatory
etiagl: legality
erialn: linearly
9
ryiallc: lyrically
ertiall: literally
eiallxc: lexically
qtuioac: loquacity
erioagn: legionary
ertiian: linearity
ioagllc: logically
uaaghlb: laughably
eriallb: liberally
eeradgn: legendary
eeruisl: leisurely
qtuiiid: liquidity
etighln: lengthily
etiogvn: longevity
uiadgln: languidly
eeradln: learnedly
eerigln: leeringly
eetilnn: leniently
tiooghl: lithology
tiiialb: liability
rtuoaad: laudatory
iogglnn: longingly
tuusfll: lustfully
ettiahl: lethality
ertaall: laterally
10
uuiosslc: lusciously
etiiagcm: legitimacy
tuiiosnm: luminosity
uuioslnm: luminously
eroopanm: lampoonery
ertiialb: liberality
rrtooaab: laboratory
etisssll: listlessly
tiioaglc: logicality
eiopsddl: lopsidedly
erroagbn: loganberry
etiiiglb: legibility
etaalbnm: lamentably
eeissfll: lifelessly
uiagghln: laughingly
11
etiiiaklb: likeability
rtuuialxn: luxuriantly
eetuiacnn: lieutenancy
rtiopaghh: lithography
ruiooaslb: laboriously
ruuiosdlc: ludicrously
ruuuioslx: luxuriously
ioaallccn: laconically
eriigglnn: lingeringly
etooashlm: loathsomely
12
eetaddfhln: lefthandedly
uiioasslcv: lasciviously
ruuuiosglb: lugubriously
ruuooasgln: languorously
tiioasgllc: logistically
eriopaghxc: lexicography
eettiiaglm: legitimately
13
ertiaaghllc: lethargically
eetiiasgllv: legislatively
14
tuiioadgllnn: longitudinally
tuiiiasgllcn: linguistically
eerttiadghhl: lightheartedly
15
rtiioaaghllcm: logarithmically
17
eriiopaaghllxcc: lexicographically

yi
4
og: yogi
et: yeti

yh
8
uiosgn: youngish
9
weiosll: yellowish
4
ea: yeah
5
tuo: youth
7
iisdd: yiddish

yk
8
erooab: yearbook
eoallc: yalelock
9
rtiasdc: yardstick
3
a: yak
4
ol: yolk
ro: york
uc: yuck
an: yank

ym
3
a: yam
7
rttui: yttrium

yl
8
tuuofh: youthful
4
wo: yowl
el: yell
wa: yawl
5
eok: yokel
eod: yodel

yo
4
yo: yoyo

yn
9
etashcm: yachtsmen
taashcm: yachtsman
3
e: yen
o: yon
4
ra: yarn
wa: yawn
5
eem: yemen
uok: yukon
era: yearn
6
eoam: yeoman
eeom: yeomen

ya
3
e: yea
4
og: yoga

ye
8
etuidl: yuletide
2
: ye
4
ul: yule
ro: yore
ok: yoke
al: yale
6
eakn: yankee
eipp: yippee
uipp: yuppie
7
raadg: yardage

yd
8
eeodll: yodelled
weeoll: yellowed
4
ra: yard
5
eok: yoked
wea: yawed
eil: yield
6
wean: yawned
eepl: yelped
eell: yelled
eean: yeaned
7
eeidl: yielded
eeran: yearned

yg
8
eiidln: yielding
eriann: yearning
erialn: yearling
eroaln: yearlong
tiahcn: yachting
9
eiodlln: yodelling
weiolln: yellowing
5
uon: young
7
wiann: yawning
eilln: yelling
ippan: yapping
eipln: yelping

yf
8
eruosl: yourself

yy
5
umm: yummy
6
eral: yearly
etas: yeasty
7
weoll: yellowy
8
eroanm: yeomanry
9
eertasd: yesterday
wiaglnn: yawningly
10
eriaglnn: yearningly

yp
3
a: yap
i: yip
e: yep
4
el: yelp

ys
3
r: yrs
e: yes
4
we: yews
en: yens
wa: yaws
am: yams
ak: yaks
ea: yeas
pa: yaps
5
wan: yawns
rad: yards
wal: yawls
ruo: yours
ell: yells
ran: yarns
eok: yokes
epl: yelps
akn: yanks
eti: yetis
okl: yolks
era: years
6
eodl: yodels
etas: yeasts
eran: yearns
eokl: yokels
eidl: yields
tuoh: youths
tahc: yachts
7
eeakn: yankees
weoll: yellows
euipp: yuppies
errok: yorkers
8
eipgln: yelpings
eiglln: yellings
9
erooakb: yearbooks
eriagln: yearlings
eriagnn: yearnings
10
rtiasdkc: yardsticks
eertyasd: yesterdays
ertuosgn: youngsters
eeruoslv: yourselves
12
etuuosfhln: youthfulness

yr
4
uo: your
ea: year
6
eodn: yonder
erok: yorker
7
euogn: younger
8
eeodll: yodeller
weeoll: yellower
9
etuosgn: youngster
10
eeertyas: yesteryear

yu
3
o: you

yt
8
euosgn: youngest
euismm: yummiest
3
e: yet
5
ahc: yacht
eas: yeast

yw
3
a: yaw
e: yew
6
eoll: yellow

em
2
: em
3
l: elm
4
ax: exam
6
elbm: emblem
eets: esteem
albm: embalm
ruib: erbium
iosg: egoism
7
werol: eelworm
roadl: earldom
tiosg: egotism
ripag: epigram
rrtua: erratum
erodx: exoderm
tiisl: elitism
rruad: eardrum
ialxc: exclaim
oosbm: embosom
8
ioslbm: embolism
riosxc: exorcism
ipassc: escapism
ruiopm: emporium
uiocnm: encomium
9
tiiosxc: exoticism
ertisxm: extremism
rtiiosc: eroticism
uuiophn: euphonium
wrrtoah: earthworm
topaslc: ectoplasm
etyossc: ecosystem
euiscnm: ecumenism
euipshm: euphemism
10
eiasglvn: evangelism
etuiiphl: epithelium
riiipscm: empiricism
eriodhcn: echinoderm
tuiasshn: enthusiasm
11
etiislccc: eclecticism
qruuiiilb: equilibrium
ertuiodnm: endometrium
12
iiopassxnn: expansionism
tiiooaslnm: emotionalism
tuiiooslvn: evolutionism
rioopsdhnm: endomorphism
etiiasssln: essentialism
13
eriiopsssxn: expressionism
tiiiioshxbn: exhibitionism
qertuiiassn: equestrianism
14
rtiiiaaasgln: egalitarianism
eiiaasgllcvn: evangelicalism
ettiiiasslxn: existentialism
16
eerttioasglcnm: electromagnetism
ertiioaslvnnnm: environmentalism
17
errrtiooaadglcc: electrocardiogram
20
eeerrtoopaaghllccn: electroencephalogram

el
3
e: eel
l: ell
4
ta: etal
iv: evil
ra: earl
al: elal
5
iam: email
tox: extol
tyh: ethyl
exc: excel
ron: enrol
epx: expel
qua: equal
eas: easel
6
tian: entail
ruaf: earful
eyuf: eyeful
eanm: enamel
roln: enroll
7
eyalb: eyeball
toahn: ethanol
rasnn: ensnarl
tiahc: ethical
ertan: eternal
riobm: embroil
opahc: epochal
8
ertaxm: extremal
uopass: espousal
ertaxn: external
eipasc: especial
eeeylv: eyelevel
etufvn: eventful
ruipad: epidural
tiahcn: ethnical
etuavn: eventual
esgghl: eggshell
eertah: ethereal
9
eripadm: epidermal
etuaffc: effectual
tiooanm: emotional
quioacv: equivocal
ioppasc: episcopal
ryoabnm: embryonal
riipacm: empirical
etiassn: essential
tiipaax: epitaxial
riooasn: erosional
eerpahm: ephemeral
rtiioad: editorial
eetalnm: elemental
ertoalc: electoral
10
eetiagxc: exegetical
ertialcc: electrical
etiipahl: epithelial
rrtuaaxm: extramural
iooaglcc: ecological
tiipallc: elliptical
yialcccn: encyclical
qrtuioaa: equatorial
etiiadvn: evidential
euiaccnm: ecumenical
iooaccnm: economical
11
ttiioasgc: egotistical
iiopasdll: ellipsoidal
eiaaglcvn: evangelical
etioasxnn: extensional
ertioadnm: endometrial
etiopaxnn: exponential
qtuiioacn: equinoctial
ettiiasxn: existential
tiooaghlc: ethological
etiopaxcn: exceptional
qertuiaal: equilateral
tuioaadcn: educational
12
eertipaxnm: experimental
tyiooaglcm: etymological
rrttiaaaxm: extramarital
tiooaghlcn: ethnological
eertiipaxn: experiential
ettipaahcm: empathetical
riippaaghc: epigraphical
tuioaaalvn: evaluational
13
rtuiiaadjxc: extrajudicial
ertioavnnnm: environmental
ettiopaaxcn: expectational
ryiooaglcbm: embryological
tioooaglcnm: entomological
14
etiiaasslccc: ecclesiastical
tiooaasghlcc: eschatological
15
etiioopasglcm: epistemological
eiiioopadglcm: epidemiological
eertioahlcccm: electrochemical
eeerrrtuipann: entrepreneurial
16
eerttioahlcccn: electrotechnical
errrrtttiioaax: extraterritorial
eerrrrtttiaasx: extraterrestrial
17
eertioaahlcccnm: electromechanical

eo
8
roaddl: eldorado
erpsss: espresso
3
g: ego
4
hc: echo
px: expo
rg: ergo
ru: euro
6
iskm: eskimo
ilnn: elnino
rybm: embryo
usdc: escudo
7
ertlc: electro
erglc: elgreco
ragbm: embargo

en
3
o: eon
4
ed: eden
ev: even
ra: earn
al: elan
5
ifl: elfin
ios: eosin
eta: eaten
elv: elven
ess: essen
6
eelv: eleven
iopg: epigon
iojn: enjoin
iosd: edison
ertx: extern
isgn: ensign
7
iiosl: elision
tuiol: elution
tiiod: edition
tioxc: exciton
riovn: environ
iopsl: epsilon
rioos: erosion
ertas: eastern
eilvn: enliven
tiasl: elastin
ioasv: evasion
ertah: earthen
iahcn: enchain
ipalx: explain
eohlc: echelon
rtian: entrain
tioal: elation
tioom: emotion
uiosl: elusion
8
eetigh: eighteen
eodlbm: embolden
etiolc: election
iiosxc: excision
etiojc: ejection
uioslm: emulsion
ertolc: electron
rtuiop: eruption
ruiaas: eurasian
tyipag: egyptian
iiossm: emission
tiiocv: eviction
eriosm: emersion
eriosv: eversion
qtuioa: equation
tioaxc: exaction
eruopa: european
ertioc: erection
uiosff: effusion
tuiodc: eduction
iiosvn: envision
ertiox: exertion
etiisn: einstein
9
ioopslx: explosion
iopasxn: expansion
rtuiiod: erudition
tiiopax: expiation
tuioalm: emulation
etioalv: elevation
ruiosxc: excursion
tuioolc: elocution
etiopxm: exemption
tioodxn: endotoxin
tuioolv: evolution
etighln: enlighten
tioaanm: emanation
eruipac: epicurean
etiopxc: exception
tiooacv: evocation
weriodd: eiderdown
tuioadc: education
etuioxc: execution
eeerrgv: evergreen
rtuiosx: extrusion
uiofflx: effluxion
etiosxn: extension
erttian: entertain
rttioox: extortion
uioslxc: exclusion
uiopslx: expulsion
10
ttuioalx: exultation
tioaaxcv: excavation
tuioahxm: exhumation
qertuias: equestrian
tiiiohxb: exhibition
tiioopsx: exposition
rtiioagm: emigration
tuioaalv: evaluation
tioaahlx: exhalation
ttiioasm: estimation
rttioaxc: extraction
eriopssx: expression
tuioaacv: evacuation
tiioaacm: emaciation
rtiiopax: expiration
ttiioaxc: excitation
etiiopdx: expedition
tuioashx: exhaustion
tioaaslc: escalation
rtyiopcn: encryption
ttiioxcn: extinction
ttioaalx: exaltation
etioadnm: emendation
tiooagln: elongation
11
tiiopalxc: explication
ettiopaxc: expectation
tioaalxcm: exclamation
ttiiioalc: elicitation
tiiooaflx: exfoliation
tuiioacnn: enunciation
tiopaalxn: explanation
rtioopaav: evaporation
ertiialcc: electrician
tuiioadlc: elucidation
rtioopalx: exploration
tiiioalnm: elimination
tiioaaxnm: examination
rtiioaadc: eradication
rtiooaalb: elaboration
rtiooacbm: embrocation
rtioaakbm: embarkation
eetoosklx: exoskeleton
rttiioadx: extradition
rttiioaxc: extrication
ertuioanm: enumeration
ertiooaxn: exoneration
tiiioadfc: edification
rttiooahx: exhortation
ettuioaxn: extenuation
rttiiopax: extirpation
rtiiaaagl: egalitarian
12
tiiopaacnm: emancipation
rtuiioaxcc: excruciation
ttiioopalx: exploitation
qtuiioaasl: equalisation
ertioaaggx: exaggeration
qtuiiooacv: equivocation
errtioosxv: extroversion
iioppaaslc: episcopalian
tuioaaslcm: emasculation
rttuioascn: encrustation
ertioaaxcb: exacerbation
ertiopaasx: exasperation
rtiioaahlx: exhilaration
13
qrtuiiioalb: equilibration
ttuioopaslx: expostulation
rrtiiooppax: expropriation
rttioopaalx: extrapolation
tuiopaaslcn: encapsulation
erttiioaxnm: extermination
qrttuiiiopa: equipartition
eeioopphnnm: epiphenomenon
erttioopaxc: expectoration
tiioooascnm: economisation
etuiiofgcnn: eigenfunction
erttuioolcc: electrocution
14
etiioaasglvn: evangelisation
ettiioopaxnn: exponentiation
15
erttiiioaflcc: electrification
tuiiooaxccnmm: excommunication
eerttiiopaxnm: experimentation
etiiiopaflxcm: exemplification

ei
4
tu: etui
5
unn: ennui

eh
2
: eh
4
ac: each
tc: etch
5
rta: earth
opc: epoch
6
iajl: elijah
islv: elvish
uogn: enough
ricn: enrich
tigh: eighth
uucn: eunuch
7
isgln: english
weyas: eyewash
tippa: epitaph
eyasl: eyelash
8
ettyoo: eyetooth
eetlvn: eleventh
rippag: epigraph
eeetty: eyeteeth
roaccn: encroach
etypac: eyepatch
ertcnn: entrench
9
eisllbm: embellish
ettiigh: eightieth
tiasslb: establish
10
tuiisgxn: extinguish
eettighn: eighteenth

ek
9
wrrtoah: earthwork
3
l: elk
6
rabm: embark
abnm: embank
7
rraam: earmark

ee
3
y: eye
k: eke
r: ere
w: ewe
v: eve
4
dg: edge
as: ease
lb: elbe
ri: eire
sl: else
5
adv: evade
agl: eagle
okv: evoke
usn: ensue
udx: exude
rod: erode
til: elite
opl: elope
idl: elide
ras: erase
tal: elate
ros: erose
eri: eerie
udl: elude
ilx: exile
6
aggn: engage
albn: enable
pasl: elapse
uhxm: exhume
olvv: evolve
ripm: empire
rinm: ermine
ertn: entree
ahlx: exhale
taag: eatage
odcn: encode
ripx: expire
ruop: europe
rigm: emigre
rtin: entire
opsx: expose
robn: enrobe
ergm: emerge
eysl: elysee
yznm: enzyme
alcn: enlace
ignn: engine
etff: effete
rudn: endure
icvn: evince
pasc: escape
tixc: excite
ascn: encase
isxc: excise
affc: efface
ticn: entice
quin: equine
rusn: ensure
qtua: equate
agcn: encage
idvn: endive
ragn: enrage
rocn: encore
usxc: excuse
idlb: edible
tahn: ethane
wifx: exwife
ttas: estate
7
adgnm: endgame
radgn: engarde
tiopm: epitome
iaxnm: examine
uopss: espouse
qualb: equable
tuadx: exudate
ertxc: excrete
eyikl: eyelike
upgxn: expunge
etuxc: execute
rasnn: ensnare
ertxm: extreme
assnm: enmasse
tidbb: ebbtide
ifkll: elflike
pasxn: expanse
rruas: erasure
palxm: example
ettnn: entente
rtuon: enroute
qruin: enquire
udlxc: exclude
olbnn: ennoble
iasvv: evasive
roalb: earlobe
epasc: escapee
qruis: esquire
racbm: embrace
ettsh: esthete
ragvn: engrave
roplx: explore
opdlx: explode
tuolv: evolute
ruipc: epicure
etalv: elevate
oslcn: enclose
raahc: earache
wtinn: entwine
rtiam: emirate
aslvn: enslave
tualm: emulate
rtuid: erudite
ahcnn: enhance
ragln: enlarge
iidfc: edifice
tipax: expiate
tuadc: educate
eryos: eyesore
tiovm: emotive
roggn: engorge
iopsd: episode
rofcn: enforce
ipslc: eclipse
esscn: essence
rtudx: extrude
ipsll: ellipse
taanm: emanate
taalb: eatable
uislv: elusive
rosdn: endorse
tipsl: epistle
ttiln: entitle
euacv: evacuee
tushn: enthuse
riosv: erosive
epsxn: expense
alcvn: enclave
8
riosxc: exorcise
quiasl: equalise
paasdc: escapade
tiadlb: editable
ruopsx: exposure
errovm: evermore
taaxcv: excavate
rtacnn: entrance
rtohnn: enthrone
rishnn: enshrine
tuaalv: evaluate
eoplvn: envelope
taaslc: escalate
aadlvb: evadable
ialvbn: enviable
eicnnm: eminence
ertilc: erectile
eeflbn: enfeeble
eryovn: everyone
taglnn: entangle
eaglcn: elegance
eyoplm: employee
aasdlc: escalade
rioxcn: exocrine
etidvn: eventide
iigllb: eligible
iasgvn: envisage
uiosgl: eulogise
etyhln: ethylene
ropahn: earphone
erisxc: exercise
elzzbm: embezzle
eidcvn: evidence
uiopgl: epilogue
ertavn: enervate
rilccn: encircle
weisdg: edgewise
raaslb: erasable
eripac: earpiece
erisgn: energise
tuaacv: evacuate
rtuipv: eruptive
ryuidc: eurydice
rtiagm: emigrate
uisffv: effusive
ttiasm: estimate
osccnn: ensconce
toagln: elongate
ttalbm: embattle
etilcv: elective
aghxcn: exchange
eeyipc: eyepiece
etipdx: expedite
eslbnm: ensemble
tiaacm: emaciate
9
rtyuoak: eukaryote
eissxcv: excessive
tialxcb: excitable
ruoslcn: enclosure
wrtishl: erstwhile
tuiadlc: elucidate
ertoaxn: exonerate
qtuialb: equitable
rttipax: extirpate
paasdln: esplanade
tioacvv: evocative
rtuoagn: entourage
uaslxcb: excusable
qeuolcn: eloquence
riodcnn: endocrine
etisxvn: extensive
etisxcn: existence
ruoagcn: encourage
etuixcv: executive
etiffcv: effective
uaallvb: evaluable
ruadcnn: endurance
tiialnm: eliminate
ertipcn: epicentre
rtopaav: evaporate
ettuaxn: extenuate
iopslxv: explosive
ertuanm: enumerate
ipasxvn: expansive
oopsdcn: endoscope
rtupagx: expurgate
rttiaxc: extricate
yoajlbn: enjoyable
tiiopsm: epitomise
qetttui: etiquette
tipashm: empathise
ertodlc: electrode
etiplxv: expletive
iopasgn: espionage
uislxcv: exclusive
ertipsx: expertise
ruadlbn: endurable
tipalxc: explicate
eipsxvn: expensive
rttiadx: extradite
rtiaadc: eradicate
iooscnm: economise
etallcb: electable
rruasbm: embrasure
rtoaalb: elaborate
weershl: elsewhere
ipasshm: emphasise
qtuiisx: exquisite
tuiadcv: educative
rtuiasn: estuarine
eergcnm: emergence
tuiacnn: enunciate
tiaslbm: estimable
10
iaalxbnm: examinable
etipghcn: eightpence
ipallxcb: explicable
rttipaax: expatriate
eruaxcbn: exuberance
erttoalc: electorate
etualxcb: executable
epadlxbn: expendable
errtipsn: enterprise
qrtuaahk: earthquake
ropallxb: explorable
tuaaslcm: emasculate
etadlxbn: extendable
rttiaxcv: extractive
ettiasgn: eigenstate
euffglcn: effulgence
yopallbm: employable
eaddlbbm: embeddable
ertaaggx: exaggerate
eeripxcn: experience
tipaacnm: emancipate
weerryhv: everywhere
euillcbn: ebullience
ertiascv: eviscerate
etislxbn: extensible
tuiashxv: exhaustive
ttuiadxc: exactitude
tuiaalvv: evaluative
ertpaasx: exasperate
etidlxbn: extendible
ipaslxbn: expansible
ertaaxcb: exacerbate
euiaglvn: eigenvalue
eellxccn: excellence
paadlxbn: expandable
tioppasc: episcopate
eripssxv: expressive
eeipdxcn: expedience
eiasglvn: evangelise
etiaffnm: effeminate
erualbnm: enumerable
rtiaahlx: exhilarate
rtopalxb: exportable
11
tiipalxcv: explicative
tupaaslcn: encapsulate
erttyollc: electrolyte
rttaalxcb: extractable
werrtaahn: earthenware
eriaslxcb: exercisable
erttiaxnm: exterminate
eaahlcbnn: enhanceable
ipaallxbn: explainable
rttuaalbn: entablature
ertuipdxn: expenditure
rttopaalx: extrapolate
erttuolcc: electrocute
ttuopaslx: expostulate
rrtioppax: expropriate
qeuialcvn: equivalence
eripsslxb: expressible
etipahlnn: elephantine
eriipphnn: epinephrine
tuiashlxb: exhaustible
erttopaxc: expectorate
ruaccbnnm: encumbrance
riasfhcnn: enfranchise
ertyosllc: electrolyse
tiopallxb: exploitable
eroaflcbn: enforceable
12
ttiiopalxv: exploitative
rtaaagxcvn: extravagance
rttiaadlxb: extraditable
rtttiooaxn: extortionate
eaaghlxcbn: exchangeable
13
tuioaxccnmm: excommunicate
etiopalxcbn: exceptionable
erttioolcvm: electromotive
eeersffccvn: effervescence
15
eerttioaglcvn: electronegative

ed
3
n: end
4
ey: eyed
ek: eked
5
aln: eland
err: erred
edg: edged
ebb: ebbed
ebm: embed
edn: ended
era: eared
eas: eased
egg: egged
6
eidd: eddied
paxn: expand
epxn: expend
eilx: exiled
eran: earned
eidl: elided
rran: errand
etxn: extend
eudn: endued
eras: erased
eudl: eluded
eadv: evaded
etid: edited
eusn: ensued
eudx: exuded
eyil: eyelid
etal: elated
erod: eroded
eopl: eloped
etul: eluted
eivn: envied
ethc: etched
eips: espied
eevn: evened
eexc: exceed
eohc: echoed
ofln: enfold
eokv: evoked
etix: exited
7
aglnn: england
eahlx: exhaled
eicvn: evinced
qetua: equated
erocn: encored
eusxc: excused
eetlc: elected
eticv: evicted
eascn: encased
eetjc: ejected
etaxc: exacted
etipm: emptied
ertup: erupted
uopxn: expound
eragn: enraged
eaggn: engaged
eyojn: enjoyed
erudn: endured
etacn: enacted
epasc: escaped
epasl: elapsed
eticn: enticed
erobn: enrobed
eergm: emerged
eralm: emerald
weolb: elbowed
euhxm: exhumed
eodcn: encoded
etalx: exalted
eisxc: excised
weodn: endowed
eyass: essayed
eripx: expired
erusn: ensured
etixc: excited
eiidf: edified
eaffc: effaced
eertn: entered
eolvv: evolved
eednm: emended
etisx: existed
eertx: exerted
etulx: exulted
ertah: earthed
eertc: erected
eialm: emailed
eignn: engined
eopsx: exposed
ettim: emitted
ealbn: enabled
8
erakbm: embarked
eeshnm: enmeshed
eragvn: engraved
ertosc: escorted
eetdxn: extended
eiaxnm: examined
etialn: entailed
eudlxc: excluded
ertohx: exhorted
weeshc: eschewed
ettiln: entitled
eiojnn: enjoined
eopdlx: exploded
erttox: extorted
etobnm: entombed
epadxn: expanded
etaanm: emanated
eeddbm: embedded
eeedxc: exceeded
eetalv: elevated
eepllx: expelled
eupgxn: expunged
etiilc: elicited
eoslcn: enclosed
qeuall: equalled
euopss: espoused
eetuxc: executed
eetffc: effected
eyoplm: employed
erolln: enrolled
ruoshn: enshroud
eiodbm: embodied
eeetsm: esteemed
eolbnn: ennobled
eepdxn: expended
eragln: enlarged
eracbm: embraced
eeradn: endeared
etualm: emulated
etushn: enthused
wrtaas: eastward
erasnn: ensnared
erihcn: enriched
ertopx: exported
qeruin: enquired
ealbmm: embalmed
eetpxm: exempted
etisln: enlisted
easlvn: enslaved
euocnn: enounced
wetinn: entwined
eellxc: excelled
epacnm: encamped
eahcnn: enhanced
etuadc: educated
eroplx: explored
ertudx: extruded
eipslc: eclipsed
eetpxc: excepted, expected
erofcn: enforced
etollx: extolled
eroggn: engorged
erosdn: endorsed
eufgln: engulfed
qeuipp: equipped
eodfln: enfolded
eossbm: embossed
9
etaaslc: escalated
eeoplvn: enveloped
tuoasbn: eastbound
eerpssx: expressed
eertavn: enervated
etuaacv: evacuated
erishnn: enshrined
uashxbn: exhusband
ertiann: entrained
eeilvnn: enlivened
etuashx: exhausted
etaaxcv: excavated
ertppan: entrapped
eiasgvn: envisaged
eelzzbm: embezzled
euopdxn: expounded
eialxcm: exclaimed
erilccn: encircled
erttaxc: extracted
etiihxb: exhibited
eosccnn: ensconced
eeallnm: enamelled
erraakm: earmarked
etaglnn: entangled
ertacnn: entranced
ertypcn: encrypted
etoagln: elongated
etahcnn: enchanted
etuaalv: evaluated
eerisxc: exercised
eeeflbn: enfeebled
etiaacm: emaciated
eerttan: entreated
eriagnn: engrained
eipalxn: explained
ettiasm: estimated
iiopsll: ellipsoid
erttusn: entrusted
eeidcvn: evidenced
eerisgn: energised
ertasgn: estranged
tiofghl: eightfold
weeropm: empowered
eetipdx: expedited
ertiagm: emigrated
eertish: etherised
eroagbm: embargoed
ertohnn: enthroned
eruoanm: enamoured
ertuscn: encrusted
eertpxc: excerpted
eaghxcn: exchanged
eriosxc: exorcised
etioplx: exploited
ettalbm: embattled
eriolbm: embroiled
erossgn: engrossed
qeuiasl: equalised
10
rtuoahbn: earthbound
eerthcnn: entrenched
eeerdgnn: engendered
yiioplcc: epicycloid
eruosdhn: enshrouded
eertoaxn: exonerated
etuiadlc: elucidated
etiosddf: eisteddfod
ertopaav: evaporated
etiiopsm: epitomised
eertuanm: enumerated
eiooscnm: economised
eettuaxn: extenuated
etiialnm: eliminated
eiiosvnn: envisioned
eeadhvnn: evenhanded
eroahccn: encroached
eerucbnm: encumbered
eruoagcn: encouraged
ertiaadc: eradicated
eeradgnn: endangered
eeerignn: engineered
etuiacnn: enunciated
erttiaxc: extricated
eerttibm: embittered
eipasshm: emphasised
ertoaalb: elaborated
eeodlbnm: emboldened
ertahlln: enthralled
erttiadx: extradited
ertupagx: expurgated
eoalzbnm: emblazoned
errtupan: enraptured
etipalxc: explicated
11
ertiaahlx: exhilarated
eopasscnm: encompassed
eeeripxcn: experienced
eerttiann: entertained
etiasshlb: established
eertaaxcb: exacerbated
eeuodgnnn: endungeoned
etipaacnm: emancipated
erraassbm: embarrassed
eertiiflc: electrified
eertuocnn: encountered
eerriodbm: embroidered
etypadhnm: emptyhanded
eertpaasx: exasperated
eeruoadvn: endeavoured
eetighlnn: enlightened
etuaaslcm: emasculated
qetuioacv: equivocated
ettiaaslc: elasticated
eeishllbm: embellished
erttipaax: expatriated
eertaaggx: exaggerated
eeiipflxm: exemplified
12
eerttuolcc: electrocuted
eertyosllc: electrolysed
ettuopaslx: expostulated
errtioppax: expropriated
eerttiaxnm: exterminated
etuiisghxn: extinguished
eeroppasdv: eavesdropped
erttopaalx: extrapolated
etupaaslcn: encapsulated
eertiaslxn: externalised
eriasfhcnn: enfranchised
eerttopaxc: expectorated
eeertipxnm: experimented
13
ertiiioasdl: editorialised
14
etuioaxccnmm: excommunicated

eg
2
: eg
3
r: erg
g: egg
5
ikn: eking
6
wria: earwig
idgn: edging
rrin: erring
eyin: eyeing
tian: eating
ibbn: ebbing
iggn: egging
iasn: easing
idnn: ending
7
iilxn: exiling
yivnn: envying
rupal: earplug
riodn: eroding
iidln: eliding
eivnn: evening
iokvn: evoking
iopln: eloping
tiidn: editing
riann: earning
uidxn: exuding
yipsn: espying
riasn: erasing
rrian: earring
tiixn: exiting
uidln: eluding
yiddn: eddying
tiasn: easting
iadvn: evading
iohcn: echoing
tihcn: etching
uisnn: ensuing
8
ertixn: exerting
erticn: erecting
iaffcn: effacing
iaggnn: engaging
etijcn: ejecting
ertivn: everting
ttiinm: emitting
rtiahn: earthing
riagnn: enraging
iahlxn: exhaling
uisxcn: excusing
tiixcn: exciting
iascnn: encasing
ertinn: entering
ipascn: escaping
qtuian: equating
wiolbn: elbowing
rtuipn: erupting
tiicvn: evicting
iisxcn: excising
iopsxn: exposing
riipxn: expiring
yiojnn: enjoying
erignm: emerging
iolvvn: evolving
tialxn: exalting
tiacnn: enacting
tiisxn: existing
tuilxn: exulting
wiodnn: endowing
tiaxcn: exacting
ialbnn: enabling
ruisnn: ensuring
iicvnn: evincing
eosvnn: evensong
iodcnn: encoding
etilcn: electing
ruidnn: enduring
tiicnn: enticing
tyipnm: emptying
etivnn: eventing
ipasln: elapsing
yiidfn: edifying
uihxnm: exhuming
9
quiippn: equipping
iipslcn: eclipsing
eipdxnn: expending
iiaxnnm: examining
uidlxcn: excluding
etidxnn: extending
etialvn: elevating
uifglnn: engulfing
yiodbnm: embodying
riasnnn: ensnaring
tuialnm: emulating
yioasgn: easygoing
uiopssn: espousing
riacbnm: embracing
rtioscn: escorting
eeidxcn: exceeding
quialln: equalling
eipllxn: expelling
tiiilcn: eliciting
rtiahln: earthling
tiialnn: entailing
qruiinn: enquiring
etipxcn: excepting, expecting
rioplxn: exploring
tiislnn: enlisting
riollnn: enrolling
riakbnm: embarking
tuishnn: enthusing
weishcn: eschewing
riaglnn: enlarging
etuixcn: executing
etiffcn: effecting
iodflnn: enfolding
riagvnn: engraving
iahcnnn: enhancing
uipgxnn: expunging
ialbnmm: embalming
eillxcn: excelling
eiddbnm: embedding
rttioxn: extorting
wtiinnn: entwining
ttiilnn: entitling
ioslcnn: enclosing
iolbnnn: ennobling
iopdlxn: exploding
ipadxnn: expanding
etipxnm: exempting
riosdnn: endorsing
tuiadcn: educating
rtiopxn: exporting
riofcnn: enforcing
riihcnn: enriching
yioplnm: employing
iiojnnn: enjoining
tiaannm: emanating
iaslvnn: enslaving
tiollxn: extolling
eriadnn: endearing
rtiohxn: exhorting
10
ertiavnn: enervating
riishnnn: enshrining
riilccnn: encircling
tiiihxbn: exhibiting
riiosxcn: exorcising
eilzzbnm: embezzling
eripssxn: expressing
etiipdxn: expediting
iaghxcnn: exchanging
eioplvnn: enveloping
riiolbnm: embroiling
rtiiagnm: emigrating
rtippann: entrapping
weriopnm: empowering
rriaaknm: earmarking
rtuiscnn: encrusting
ttiiasnm: estimating
quiiasln: equalising
tioaglnn: elongating
eriilvvn: everliving
rttuisnn: entrusting
tiaaxcvn: excavating
iipalxnn: explaining
rttiaxcn: extracting
tuiaacvn: evacuating
rtiacnnn: entrancing
tuiaalvn: evaluating
ertyihvn: everything
rtyipcnn: encrypting
tiaaslcn: escalating
tuiashxn: exhausting
eriisxcn: exercising
erttiann: entreating
uiiosgln: eulogising
riossgnn: engrossing
iiasgvnn: envisaging
tiioplxn: exploiting
tiahcnnn: enchanting
uiopdxnn: expounding
eriisgnn: energising
iialxcnm: exclaiming
eiilvnnn: enlivening
tiaglnnn: entangling
11
rtiiaadcn: eradicating
ertiaslvn: everlasting
rttiiaxcn: extricating
iiooscnnm: economising
eriadgnnn: endangering
tiiialnnm: eliminating
eeriignnn: engineering
ertihcnnn: entrenching
eriiphcnn: enciphering
eiodlbnnm: emboldening
iipasshnm: emphasising
rioahccnn: encroaching
tiipashnm: empathising
ruioagcnn: encouraging
eruicbnnm: encumbering
eeridgnnn: engendering
tuiiadlcn: elucidating
rtiopaavn: evaporating
rtioaalbn: elaborating
ettuiaxnn: extenuating
erttiibnm: embittering
ertuiannm: enumerating
rttiiadxn: extraditing
ertioaxnn: exonerating
tuiiacnnn: enunciating
rtiahllnn: enthralling
rtuipagxn: expurgating
etyiahccn: eyecatching
12
eiiasglvnn: evangelising
eruioadvnn: endeavouring
rtiaashhkn: earthshaking
rttiipasln: earsplitting
tiipaacnnm: emancipating
erriiodbnm: embroidering
tuiaaslcnm: emasculating
ertiaaxcbn: exacerbating
eyiipflxnm: exemplifying
qtuiioacvn: equivocating
erttiiannn: entertaining
rtuiiaxccn: excruciating
ertiaaggxn: exaggerating
iopasscnnm: encompassing
eeriipxcnn: experiencing
ertuiocnnn: encountering
ertyiiflcn: electrifying
errtiipsnn: enterprising
tiiasshlbn: establishing
ertipaasxn: exasperating
eriaghcvnn: everchanging
etiighlnnn: enlightening
eiishllbnm: embellishing
rriaassbnm: embarrassing
rtiiaahlxn: exhilarating
13
tuiiisghxnn: extinguishing
ttuiopaslxn: expostulating
qrtuiiialbn: equilibrating
eertiipxnnm: experimenting
tuipaaslcnn: encapsulating
rttiopaalxn: extrapolating
erttuiolccn: electrocuting
erttiiaxnnm: exterminating
erioppasdvn: eavesdropping
riiasfhcnnn: enfranchising
ertyiosllcn: electrolysing
14
eerriiascvnn: everincreasing
eeertiiolcnn: electioneering
15
tuiioaxccnnmm: excommunicating
errtttiaashhn: earthshattering

ef
3
l: elf
6
ugln: engulf

ea
3
r: era
t: eta
4
tn: etna
5
ric: erica
rtx: extra
enm: enema
edm: edema
6
rrta: errata
eruk: eureka
ezcm: eczema
ignm: enigma
7
rtioc: erotica
tiosn: estonia
ruias: eurasia
riopm: emporia
ertxm: extrema
errti: eritrea
tioxc: exotica
idhcn: echidna
8
uifflv: effluvia
eerttc: etcetera
tiioph: ethiopia
ioagnm: egomania
eerphm: ephemera
ruioph: euphoria
9
eypshmm: emphysema
ertiosc: esoterica
10
tuiaashn: euthanasia
rioopghb: ergophobia
qruiiilb: equilibria
12
eyiopdlccn: encyclopedia
eeiopphnnm: epiphenomena
rtaaagzxvn: extravaganza
13
eyiopadlccn: encyclopaedia

ec
4
ip: epic
5
tih: ethic
6
etim: emetic
iohc: echoic
tiox: exotic
rtio: erotic
tihn: ethnic
7
etiid: eidetic
tiopc: ectopic
rrtia: erratic
riipm: empiric
eidnm: endemic
tiasl: elastic
eiagl: elegiac
riodg: ergodic
euign: eugenic
8
ertilc: electric
ioocnm: economic
tiipll: elliptic
etilcc: eclectic
ttiasc: ecstatic
tiiplc: ecliptic
ettish: esthetic
tipahm: empathic, emphatic
ettuic: eutectic
eiipdm: epidemic
ruioph: euphoric
ertios: esoteric
iiopsd: episodic
tiiosg: egoistic
rtiopn: entropic
9
etiippl: epileptic
rtiisxn: extrinsic
tiiagnm: enigmatic
ryiobnm: embryonic
ioaagnm: egomaniac
ettiiph: epithetic
eertign: energetic
ttiiosg: egotistic
etiipsm: epistemic
erticcn: eccentric
rioognm: ergonomic
tyiaznm: enzymatic
10
ertiohxm: exothermic
ioopsdcn: endoscopic
ertiolcn: electronic
tuiiosgl: eulogistic
etialbmm: emblematic
ertiogcn: egocentric
ettipahm: empathetic
eetiipgn: epigenetic
rioahnnm: enharmonic
rtyuioak: eukaryotic
11
etuiipshm: euphemistic
ertiodhnm: endothermic
iopasdlnm: endoplasmic
ertioocnm: econometric
12
erttiohcnn: ethnocentric
rtiipaagmm: epigrammatic
etiiasglvn: evangelistic
erttyiollc: electrolytic
rtiopaghhn: ethnographic
eyiopdlccn: encyclopedic
etiiasslcc: ecclesiastic
ttuiiasshn: enthusiastic
13
rttiaaaglxc: extragalactic
ertttioaslc: electrostatic
eyiopadlccn: encyclopaedic
14
ertyioadlcnm: electrodynamic
15
rttuiiiasglxn: extralinguistic
eerttioaglcnm: electromagnetic
ertiiiopsssxn: expressionistic
16
etttiiiiasslxn: existentialistic
20
errrtiioopaadghlcc: electrocardiographic

eb
3
b: ebb
6
tonm: entomb

ey
4
ps: espy
dg: edgy
dd: eddy
vn: envy
as: easy
er: eery
5
obn: ebony
ass: essay
erv: every
ral: early
rtn: entry
opx: epoxy
enm: enemy
ojn: enjoy
egl: elegy
idf: edify
erm: emery
ovn: envoy
tpm: empty
6
odbm: embody
tigh: eighty
idgl: edgily
illv: evilly
elvn: evenly
erta: eatery
qtui: equity
uogl: eulogy
iffg: effigy
eril: eerily
ttin: entity
oplm: employ
rtah: earthy
ergn: energy
ripx: expiry
tinm: enmity
iasl: easily
7
ooglc: ecology
quall: equally
eragl: eagerly
assbm: embassy
qruin: enquiry
oocnm: economy
talxc: exactly
tiplm: emptily
uophn: euphony
rtopn: entropy
rtuas: estuary
erdll: elderly
qerru: equerry
qualb: equably
tipax: epitaxy
ertlc: erectly
tassc: ecstasy
tpahm: empathy
rtahl: earthly
8
eippsl: epilepsy
tpahln: enthalpy
qtuial: equality
eigxcn: exigency
erttan: entreaty
ertasl: easterly
ertiln: entirely
iaffcc: efficacy
erttin: entirety, eternity
rtionm: enormity
ertplx: expertly
iigllb: eligibly
riassm: emissary
eryadv: everyday
ipallc: epically
ialvbn: enviably
tooghl: ethology
9
tiahllc: ethically
qtuialb: equitably
etidlxc: excitedly
tiiidlb: edibility
erpsslx: expressly
ttiihcn: ethnicity
eipflxm: exemplify
eryodvb: everybody
etilnnm: eminently
rtiopax: expiatory
essdlln: endlessly
oopsdcn: endoscopy
yoajlbn: enjoyably
etaglln: elegantly
rippagh: epigraphy
eertlxm: extremely
tyooglm: etymology
tooghln: ethnology
etidlvn: evidently
erttixm: extremity
ertasln: earnestly
eiaslvv: evasively
erpalxm: exemplary
euisllv: elusively
ertalln: eternally
eergcnm: emergency
uioslvn: enviously
etiolvm: emotively
ertiflc: electrify
10
ioppascc: episcopacy
eipasllc: especially
eiaffcnm: effeminacy
tiiissvm: emissivity
ruooslnm: enormously
eiiffccn: efficiency
eerrrdlb: elderberry
rtioallc: erotically
ryooglbm: embryology
qtuiianm: equanimity
rrtiopax: expiratory
tiahllcn: ethnically
oopasglc: escapology
tiipllxc: explicitly
eertahll: ethereally
erriodbm: embroidery
ertallxn: externally
tiiglcnn: enticingly
tioallxc: exotically
rtioopsx: expository
qetuolln: eloquently
rtiopasl: epistolary
etuallvn: eventually
tiiglxcn: excitingly
toooglnm: entomology
eertalnm: elementary
etpaxccn: expectancy
eellxccn: excellency
tuigllxn: exultingly
ttiiaslc: elasticity
eeipdxcn: expediency
errtoffn: effrontery
ttuallxn: exultantly
iaggglnn: engagingly
euisfflv: effusively
11
etiasslln: essentially
qetuiislx: exquisitely
eetlllxcn: excellently
eiadllcnm: endemically
euoosglxn: exogenously
eipaslxvn: expansively
euisllxcv: exclusively
tooasghlc: eschatology
erruoosln: erroneously
riipallcm: empirically
rrtoopalx: exploratory
eetislxvn: extensively
rtiioadll: editorially
eiopsllxv: explosively
etioalcvv: evocatively
ettuialvn: eventuality
rtopaalxn: explanatory
eetifflcv: effectively
erttiilcc: electricity
etiifflcn: efficiently
eriadglnn: endearingly
tiooallnm: emotionally
tiaaslllc: elastically
etuaffllc: effectually
eeidglxcn: exceedingly
tuiislxcv: exclusivity
ertoaallb: elaborately
qruiiglnn: enquiringly
rrtiaallc: erratically
eeisslxcv: excessively
ertualxbn: exuberantly
eeipslxvn: expensively
rtoaalxcm: exclamatory
eetalllnm: elementally
ertoalllc: electorally
tiiiigllb: eligibility
rtopaghhn: ethnography
ettpalxcn: expectantly
12
rttioalxbn: exorbitantly
erttiicccn: eccentricity
iooaglllcc: ecologically
ertioasllc: esoterically
euoosdglnn: endogenously
qetuiallvn: equivalently
ttiiialxcb: excitability
tyiioajlbn: enjoyability
ertossffll: effortlessly
erttiaglnn: entreatingly
eeripsslxv: expressively
rtuiooalvn: evolutionary
tiaghlcnnn: enchantingly
etuiashlxv: exhaustively
tipaahllcm: emphatically
ettiiallcb: electability
etioopsglm: epistemology
euiallccnm: ecumenically
riopaasxnn: expansionary
rtiopaacnm: emancipatory
eiioopdglm: epidemiology
ruioaslxcn: exclusionary
ertialllcc: electrically
eertiallnm: elementarily
tiipallllc: elliptically
iiopasdllc: episodically
ttiiooalnm: emotionality
iooallccnm: economically
ttiaasllcc: ecstatically
13
eertpaasdlx: exasperatedly
ttiioasgllc: egotistically
etiopallxcn: exceptionally
ettiiadlxbn: extendability
ertiiopadxn: expeditionary
tiipaadlxbn: expandability
ruioagglcnn: encouragingly
etioasllxnn: extensionally
etuiiopsdlx: expeditiously
ertiallcccn: eccentrically
rttaaaglxvn: extravagantly
ettiiislxbn: extensibility
erttiiogccn: egocentricity
rttiiopalxb: exportability
tyiiopallbm: employability
ertiasgllvn: everlastingly
erraassdlbm: embarrassedly
etiopallxnn: exponentially
eertaadgglx: exaggeratedly
riooagllcnm: ergonomically
tuioaadllcn: educationally
rtiiasllxcn: extrinsically
rrrtioaadxn: extraordinary
ettiiasllxn: existentially
tiiaagllcnm: enigmatically
eertiagllcn: energetically
14
ertttiooalxn: extortionately
etoppaahhlcn: encephalopathy
tyiooaglllcm: etymologically
ertioahllxcm: exothermically
ertiioaflcbn: enforceability
ertioalllccn: electronically
rtuiiaglxccn: excruciatingly
rtuiiooallvn: evolutionarily
erttiiaglnnn: entertainingly
eertipallxnm: experimentally
rriaassglbnm: embarrassingly
15
ertioallvnnnm: environmentally
rrrtiioaadlxn: extraordinarily
etuiipashllcm: euphemistically
16
ttuiiaasshllcn: enthusiastically
erttyioallllcc: electrolytically
eeriopssssllxn: expressionlessly
etiiaasslllccc: ecclesiastically
17
eertioahlllcccm: electrochemically
19
eerttioaaglllccnm: electromagnetically

ex
6
wraa: earwax
7
quion: equinox

ez
6
rtas: ersatz

eu
3
m: emu
4
as: esau

et
3
a: eat
x: ext
s: est
4
ix: exit
as: east
im: emit
id: edit
rs: erst
5
icv: evict
ulx: exult
isx: exist
evn: event
elc: elect
erx: exert
acn: enact
ejc: eject
axc: exact
erg: egret
ypg: egypt
alx: exalt
erc: erect
rup: erupt
rog: ergot
idc: edict
igh: eight
6
rips: esprit
ropx: export
roff: effort
epxm: exempt
etxn: extent
epxc: except, expect
iilc: elicit
rtox: extort
rran: errant
iosg: egoist
eagl: eaglet
effc: effect
euxn: exeunt
rohx: exhort
isln: enlist
erpx: expert
esdl: eldest
rosc: escort
eeyl: eyelet
7
erpxc: excerpt
tiosg: egotist
eersv: everest
erasn: earnest
rtann: entrant
eigxn: exigent
rtaxc: extract
uashx: exhaust
etiph: epithet
einnm: eminent
eeris: eeriest
eelnm: element
iihxb: exhibit
eidvn: evident
eiass: easiest
eagln: elegant
ahcnn: enchant
rypcn: encrypt
tiisl: elitist
ioplx: exploit
tixcn: extinct
roash: earshot
ruscn: encrust
ertan: entreat
rtusn: entrust
8
epahln: elephant
riosxc: exorcist
iiplxc: explicit
eeasnm: easement
eerffn: efferent
euffln: effluent
eriasl: earliest
riagnm: emigrant
eyisgh: eyesight
tualxn: exultant
etisxn: existent
tiishc: ethicist
eergnm: emergent
yiasss: essayist
etipsm: emptiest
ipassc: escapist
eopxnn: exponent
qeuoln: eloquent
9
iooscnm: economist
etpaxcn: expectant
eruaxbn: exuberant
euolnmm: emolument
eiollnm: emollient
ertisxm: extremist
eeoplnm: elopement
eellxcn: excellent
etacnnm: enactment
euillbn: ebullient
eeipdxn: expedient
ioosglc: ecologist
erolnnm: enrolment
eyojnnm: enjoyment
eiiffcn: efficient
euffgln: effulgent
weodnnm: endowment
errtoxv: extrovert
qeuipnm: equipment
eertsxm: extremest
10
etialnnm: entailment
tioosghl: ethologist
etobnnmm: entombment
eeripxnm: experiment
eetixcnm: excitement
eeaggnnm: engagement
eashcnnm: encashment
rtioaxbn: exorbitant
erihcnnm: enrichment
ertpannm: entrapment
epacnnmm: encampment
eakbnnmm: embankment
etislnnm: enlistment
eeticnnm: enticement
riiipscm: empiricist
eiodbnmm: embodiment
qeuialvn: equivalent
eeascvnn: evanescent
erpascnm: escarpment
eeradnnm: endearment
eiasglvn: evangelist
eyoplnmm: employment
eepascnm: escapement
tuiasshn: enthusiast
11
tyioosglm: etymologist
eeerrpsvn: everpresent
eepalcnmm: emplacement
eeraglnnm: enlargement
rtaaagxvn: extravagant
eeahcnnnm: enhancement
uiisslxcv: exclusivist
etahcnnnm: enchantment
eriovnnnm: environment
qtuiiasdn: equidistant
eerosdnnm: endorsement
eettilnnm: entitlement
weeropnmm: empowerment
eerofcnnm: enforcement
ertiannnm: entrainment
eeaslvnnm: enslavement
ertoassnm: easternmost
12
eerilccnnm: encirclement
iiopassxnn: expansionist
eetaglnnnm: entanglement
eerttibnmm: embitterment
tuiiooslvn: evolutionist
eertohnnnm: enthronement
tiooosglnm: entomologist
eerthcnnnm: entrenchment
eeersffcvn: effervescent
tuiioasdcn: educationist
eroahccnnm: encroachment
eertasgnnm: estrangement
etiiasssln: essentialist
eeelzzbnmm: embezzlement
eeeeflbnnm: enfeeblement
13
eriiopsssxn: expressionist
erraassbnmm: embarrassment
eetighlnnnm: enlightenment
eertoaglcnm: electromagnet
eeruoagcnnm: encouragement
tiiiioshxbn: exhibitionist
etiasshlbnm: establishment
eerttiannnm: entertainment
eeishllbnmm: embellishment
14
tuiioaasdlcn: educationalist
etuiisghxnnm: extinguishment
ettiiiasslxn: existentialist
eiiioopsdglm: epidemiologist
15
eeriasfhcnnnm: enfranchisement
eertiipaslxnm: experimentalist
16
ertiioaslvnnnm: environmentalist
18
eeertuiosllccnnm: electroluminescent

ew
9
eyoasdh: eyeshadow
5
olb: elbow
odn: endow
6
eshc: eschew
7
eryob: eyebrow

ep
5
qui: equip
6
tipa: epitap
acnm: encamp
rasc: escarp
wran: enwrap
rtan: entrap
7
rroad: eardrop
ripac: epicarp
eolvn: envelop
aslcn: enclasp
9
eroasdv: eavesdrop
10
rtiiosdh: editorship
16
eeerrrtuipshnn: entrepreneurship

es
3
m: ems
l: els
4
dn: ends
el: eels
um: emus
ev: eves
rr: errs
bb: ebbs
on: eons
ll: ells
lm: elms
we: ewes
kl: elks
gg: eggs
rg: ergs
ey: eyes
ra: ears, eras
ex: exes
ro: eros
ta: eats
5
ipc: epics
tix: exits
edg: edges
evn: evens
ran: earns
ral: earls
ilv: evils
tim: emits
toh: ethos
rim: emirs
tid: edits
eas: eases
axm: exams
elv: elves
eav: eaves
6
etil: elites
adln: elands
eidd: eddies
ertn: enters
eudl: eludes
eilx: exiles
erod: erodes
ertg: egrets
erta: eaters
rtup: erupts
ertc: erects
eadv: evades
eudn: endues
eras: erases
tidc: edicts
yojn: enjoys
wodn: endows
eusn: ensues
erts: esters
etvn: events
edbm: embeds
osbm: emboss
taxc: exacts
easl: easels
eanm: enemas
eudx: exudes
rtax: extras
ticv: evicts
yass: essays
rrro: errors
riac: ericas
elxc: excels
egln: engels
eopl: elopes
rtah: earths
ophc: epochs
eidl: elides
roln: enrols
tihc: ethics
tigh: eights
eivn: envies
etud: etudes
ethc: etches
eagl: eagles
etlc: elects
etal: elates
tolx: extols
etjc: ejects
tulx: exults
ersg: egress
quip: equips
uodx: exodus
esxc: excess
qual: equals
tacn: enacts
talx: exalts
eplx: expels
wolb: elbows
erdl: elders
eokv: evokes
erbm: embers
tisx: exists
yovn: envoys
ertx: exerts
7
eticn: entices
eusxc: excuses
eascn: encases
rtosc: escorts
esdln: endless
rradn: errands
eedxc: exceeds
rosgn: engross
eeigl: elegies
eodcn: encodes
eidlb: edibles
ettas: estates
eradv: evaders
eadnn: enneads
tialn: entails
erpsx: express
tobnm: entombs
ertpx: experts
eignn: engines
eradn: endears
erpsm: empress
eruak: eurekas
erigm: emigres
eahlx: exhales
erocn: encores
tiosg: egoists
wriag: earwigs
uiovn: envious
etdxn: extends
erudn: endures
rakbm: embarks
rttox: extorts
eyznm: enzymes
erran: earners
eripm: empires
eeinm: enemies
eetsm: esteems
iagnm: enigmas
ealnm: enamels
eolvv: evolves
albmm: embalms
eetyl: eyelets
elbmm: emblems
ettxn: extents
etpxc: excepts, expects
erusn: ensures
rolln: enrolls
qetua: equates
uuhcn: eunuchs
riilx: elixirs
rtohx: exhorts
erras: erasers
iojnn: enjoins
idggn: edgings
epasc: escapes
rtopx: exports
eergm: emerges
tiilc: elicits
rialc: eclairs
isgnn: ensigns
tisln: enlists
odfln: enfolds
eiidf: edifies
yoplm: employs
eripx: expires
rtiod: editors
eiopx: epoxies
epasl: elapses
idgnn: endings
etffc: effects
ufgln: engulfs
euhxm: exhumes
rpasc: escarps
weixv: exwives
eeysl: eyeless
padxn: expands
eicvn: evinces
etagl: eaglets
rtoff: efforts
ertxn: externs
etipm: empties
eragn: enrages
erthc: etchers
eaggn: engages
weshc: eschews
tiagn: eatings
eyidl: eyelids
epdxn: expends
eopsx: exposes
etixc: excites
etpxm: exempts
ertin: entires, entries
ealbn: enables
8
eroalb: earlobes
ruusxc: excursus
ertojc: ejectors
eudlxc: excludes
eopdlx: explodes
euigcn: eugenics
eoslcn: encloses
eupgxn: expunges
ioasvn: evasions
eipslc: eclipses
euopss: espouses
etiinm: enmities
eiidfc: edifices
erropm: emperors
eolbnn: ennobles
ealcvn: enclaves
eracbm: embraces
qetuii: equities
eipsll: ellipses
ettiin: entities
qeruin: enquires
eesdgl: edgeless
tiiodn: editions
euocnn: enounces
rruadm: eardrums
eadggh: eggheads
eerisn: eeriness
eohlcn: echelons
rropad: eardrops
werolm: eelworms
ialxcm: exclaims
rioosn: erosions
rttusn: entrusts
tighcn: etchings
eerign: energies
riagnn: earnings
eradlm: emeralds
ettiln: entitles
eesscn: essences
eeisgx: exegesis
epashm: emphases
eetlnm: elements
tippah: epitaphs
epasxn: expanses
eiiffg: effigies
etushn: enthuses
erruas: erasures
eeryos: eyesores
eiopgn: epigones
uuiogx: exiguous
tiaslc: elastics
iadhcn: echidnas
eertxm: extremes
eepsxn: expenses
ipalxn: explains
ruoonm: enormous
rupagl: earplugs
riovnn: environs
ertpxc: excerpts
eepasc: escapees
ripagm: epigrams
ipashm: emphasis
eeuacv: evacuees
wetinn: entwines
eragvn: engraves
eiaxnm: examines
eyasgl: eyeglass
eroplx: explores
eetuxc: executes
tiihxb: exhibits
uiosln: elusions
ertuim: emeritus
ttiisl: elitists
tuashx: exhausts
iiosln: elisions
rttann: entrants
eoplvn: envelops
rtialn: entrails
eroahl: earholes
uopdxn: expounds
weropm: empowers
iipsll: ellipsis
etualm: emulates
ttiosg: egotists
erihcn: enriches
euiogl: eulogies
etuadc: educates
rriagn: earrings
epalxm: examples
etiigh: eighties
ertiam: emirates
eessxc: excesses
erttan: entreats
eyallb: eyeballs
weyadg: edgeways
erttim: emitters
rttaxc: extracts
eigvnn: evenings
tioplx: exploits
etipsl: epistles
etaanm: emanates
ertolc: electors
eetalv: elevates
qeruis: esquires
eilvnn: enlivens
eiodbm: embodies
eragln: enlarges
weryob: eyebrows
rtypcn: encrypts
eraahc: earaches
ettiph: epithets
eiassn: easiness
eiopsd: episodes
tioonm: emotions
eislvn: evilness
eesvnn: evenness
easlvn: enslaves
eahcnn: enhances
roadlm: earldoms
erofcn: enforces
erosdn: endorses
tahcnn: enchants
erodcn: encoders
eisdgn: edginess
9
qeuioxn: equinoxes
etiassc: ecstasies
iooccnm: economics
etasxcn: exactness
erppadn: endpapers
epaasdc: escapades
rraasbm: embarrass
ertacnn: entrances
riosxcm: exorcisms
eryoplm: employers
eyiplcc: epicycles
etoagln: elongates
wrtaasd: eastwards
eerisxc: exercises
ertoffc: effectors
opascnm: encompass
errtopx: exporters
eeyashl: eyelashes
rtuoalm: emulators
eerxbmm: exmembers
ertuoxc: executors
etopxnn: exponents
ertalxn: externals
iiossnm: emissions
eeriphm: ephemeris
eetipdx: expedites
rtiagnm: emigrants
etuffln: effluents
errtiox: exteriors
rtuiopn: eruptions
uioslnm: emulsions
etiojcn: ejections
ertuias: estuaries
eeiaxnm: examinees
qtuioan: equations
etuaalv: evaluates
eiassbm: embassies
eioocnm: economies
eeyoplm: employees
etiolcn: elections
erilccn: encircles
eerpssx: expresses
erttiin: enteritis
tyiasss: essayists
eriipdm: epidermis
etpahln: elephants
errofcn: enforcers
eiasgvn: envisages
ertiocn: erections
esgghll: eggshells
eiipdcm: epidemics
eralbmm: embalmers
etaglnn: entangles
euoogxn: exogenous
etaaslc: escalates
eerignn: engineers
eetasnm: easements
tiiocvn: evictions
erruoon: erroneous
eropahn: earphones
uiosffn: effusions
ertolcn: electrons
eeicnnm: eminences
eruopsx: exposures
eeripac: earpieces
erpalxm: exemplars
ertioxn: exertions
ertosxn: extensors
qerruin: enquirers
eradgnn: endangers
eeoplvn: envelopes
eertdxn: extenders
erishnn: enshrines
eruoogn: erogenous
rtuoadc: educators
eriaxnm: examiners
eerdgnn: engenders
euiosgl: eulogises
etipsnm: emptiness
erahcnn: enhancers
qeruiin: enquiries
eeslbnm: ensembles
eruiogg: egregious
eropdlx: exploders
erroplx: explorers
ertilcc: electrics
ettiasm: estimates
erragvn: engravers
eeidcvn: evidences
ertoalv: elevators
eerasgn: eagerness
eodlbnm: emboldens
eaghxcn: exchanges
10
eryipasl: erysipelas
eeroplvn: envelopers
rtiioadl: editorials
uuiophnm: euphoniums
ertopaav: evaporates
eerlzzbm: embezzlers
etiiopsm: epitomises
eraghxcn: exchangers
eerttian: entreaties
eetiplxv: expletives
qetuiial: equalities
eeerrgvn: evergreens
eroahccn: encroaches
erticccn: eccentrics
eeyassgl: eyeglasses
tiooscnm: economists
eertpsxn: expertness
eetisxcn: existences
ertoaalb: elaborates
weetyisn: eyewitness
etuolnmm: emoluments
eettupal: epaulettes
rioogcnm: ergonomics
eeiigxcn: exigencies
ertahcnn: enchanters
iaadhlcn: enchiladas
rtiaghln: earthlings
eerrisgn: energisers
ertioplx: exploiters
eertoaxn: exonerates
rtiiohxb: exhibitors
tuioalnm: emulations
rtuiosxn: extrusions
tyuupalc: eucalyptus
tioaannm: emanations
wrrtaadh: earthwards
ettacnnm: enactments
ruiosxcn: excursions
wetodnnm: endowments
erttisxm: extremists
eiopslxv: explosives
etuiadlc: elucidates
tiooacvn: evocations
ertyuoak: eukaryotes
tuioadcn: educations
eriiassm: emissaries
rttioasm: estimators
ertiashn: earthiness
riopdhnn: endorphins
etiassln: essentials
etioalvn: elevations
errttoxv: extroverts
euiisflm: emulsifies
ioaagcnm: egomaniacs
etiopxnm: exemptions
eiddgbnm: embeddings
eertigcn: energetics
eruoadvn: endeavours
etiosxnn: extensions
eetuixcv: executives
iiopsdll: ellipsoids
ertuoaxn: extraneous
qetuipnm: equipments
uioslxcn: exclusions
rtuoaalv: evaluators
eiippahn: epiphanies
ertuocnn: encounters
ertolnnm: enrolments
eruoslcn: enclosures
ioopslxn: explosions
wrrtoahm: earthworms
wrrtoahk: earthworks
rtoaaslc: escalators
tioosglc: ecologists
euipshmm: euphemisms
uiopslxn: expulsions
ertiionm: enormities
etiopxcn: exceptions
etyosscm: ecosystems
eerrtasn: easterners
eertuanm: enumerates
eiooscnm: economises
etiipplc: epileptics
etiialnm: eliminates
qeruiasl: equalisers
eetipdxn: expedients
tuioolvn: evolutions
uuioophn: euphonious
eropasdv: eavesdrops
eruoagcn: encourages
iopasxnn: expansions
etipahln: enthalpies
erttiann: entertains
eertodlc: electrodes
ertosffl: effortless
eipasshm: emphasises
etuioxcn: executions
rtoaaxcv: excavators
etyojnnm: enjoyments
etighlnn: enlightens
euoodgnn: endogenous
riaggvnn: engravings
11
tioaaxcvn: excavations
ertpascnm: escarpments
tuioaacvn: evacuations
uiioaffcc: efficacious
etiasglvn: evangelists
tioaahlxn: exhalations
eeuiaglvn: eigenvalues
ertiolccn: electronics
ttiioxcnn: extinctions
etioadnnm: emendations
ertashcnn: enchantress
eerttoalc: electorates
etiiopdxn: expeditions
eopasscnm: encompasses
etpacnnmm: encampments
ertihcnnm: enrichments
ttioosghl: ethologists
etipaacnm: emancipates
etakbnnmm: embankments
eertassnn: earnestness
erraassbm: embarrasses
eesssdlnn: endlessness
etiodbnmm: embodiments
ttiioaxcn: excitations
etyiooglm: etymologies
tiiiohxbn: exhibitions
eripasdll: espadrilles
eerttiixm: extremities
eeerigcnm: emergencies
eeiassvvn: evasiveness
etuiiopdx: expeditious
rtiiopsdh: editorships
eriodhcnm: echinoderms
eerrtipsn: enterprises
tuioaalvn: evaluations
eertadnnm: endearments
ttiioasnm: estimations
eeuisslvn: elusiveness
ttuiasshn: enthusiasts
etiasshlb: establishes
eeeripxcn: experiences
tuiasshnm: enthusiasms
eertipxnm: experiments
qertuaahk: earthquakes
rtiiipscm: empiricists
eertaaxcb: exacerbates
erttipaax: expatriates
errtuoanm: enumerators
eettiasgn: eigenstates
tiioopsxn: expositions
eertaaggx: exaggerates
eriopssxn: expressions
eettixcnm: excitements
tiooaglnn: elongations
eetaggnnm: engagements
etiooslnm: emotionless
qetuialvn: equivalents
rttioaxcn: extractions
etyoplnmm: employments
eetticnnm: enticements
eeiipflxm: exemplifies
12
eerttuolcc: electrocutes
eertosdnnm: endorsements
ertiovnnnm: environments
rtiiaaagln: egalitarians
eeerrridlb: elderberries
ettiopaxcn: expectations
tioaalxcnm: exclamations
eetahcnnnm: enhancements
eertuioxcn: executioners
eerttiaxnm: exterminates
eiaagllcvn: evangelicals
etiipahlcn: encephalitis
eetipaxccn: expectancies
eetttilnnm: entitlements
ertiooccnm: econometrics
ettahcnnnm: enchantments
eeeillxccn: excellencies
etiiiissvm: emissivities
ttyioosglm: etymologists
eerrttiann: entertainers
qeeuialcvn: equivalences
tiopaalxnn: explanations
eeiiiffccn: efficiencies
ettiiiaslc: elasticities
tiiioalnnm: eliminations
etiipslxcn: explicitness
eerttyollc: electrolytes
eerriiodbm: embroideries
eetpalcnmm: emplacements
eerrriodbm: embroiderers
rtioopalxn: explorations
ertyiosllc: electrolysis
weeetyissn: eyewitnesses
eertaglnnm: enlargements
eertuipdxn: expenditures
ertiialccn: electricians
rtiooaalbn: elaborations
tiioaaxnnm: examinations
rttiooahxn: exhortations
eertofcnnm: enforcements
etupaaslcn: encapsulates
etuiisghxn: extinguishes
ertuioannm: enumerations
eruaccbnnm: encumbrances
13
eeerrrtupnn: entrepreneurs
rioopsdhnmm: endomorphisms
ertoahccnnm: encroachments
qtuiiooacvn: equivocations
eettaglnnnm: entanglements
rtttiioosxn: extortionists
eeerrtipxnm: experimenters
eeipassxvnn: expansiveness
ertiioosdnm: endometriosis
eeetissxvnn: extensiveness
ertioaaggxn: exaggerations
eertoaaslbn: elaborateness
eertilccnnm: encirclements
etiipaashln: elephantiasis
ttiioopalxn: exploitations
eerroppasdv: eavesdroppers
ertuiisghxn: extinguishers
ttuiioasdcn: educationists
rtaaaagzxvn: extravaganzas
ertaaagxcvn: extravagances
eettuiialvn: eventualities
ertiiiohxbn: exhibitioners
qeetuiissxn: exquisiteness
eeuisslxcvn: exclusiveness
eerttasgnnm: estrangements
errttioaxnm: exterminators
errtopaghhn: ethnographers
ttuiiooslvn: evolutionists
ttiooosglnm: entomologists
eyiopadlccn: encyclopedias
rtuiiossxcn: excursionists
eeiopsslxvn: explosiveness
eeetisffcvn: effectiveness
14
eyiopaadlccn: encyclopaedias
ertiiopsssxn: expressionists
eertttiannnm: entertainments
ettiasshlbnm: establishments
ertttioaslcc: electrostatics
erttiioaxnnm: exterminations
etuiiofgcnnn: eigenfunctions
eeeripsssxvn: expressiveness
rttioopaalxn: extrapolations
ttuioopaslxn: expostulations
errtaassbnmm: embarrassments
tyioaasdlcnm: elastodynamics
tuiopaaslcnn: encapsulations
eertuoagcnnm: encouragements
eerttiiicccn: eccentricities
rrtiiooppaxn: expropriations
eetishllbnmm: embellishments
eeriopssslxn: expressionless
ttiiiioshxbn: exhibitionists
15
eerrtioopshlc: electrophoresis
ertyioadlccnm: electrodynamics
ttuiioaasdlcn: educationalists
etiiioopsdglm: epidemiologists
16
eerttiipaslxnm: experimentalists
eertioahlcccnm: electromechanics
17
erttiioaslvnnnm: environmentalists
eerrrrtttiaaslx: extraterrestrials

er
3
a: ear
r: err
4
ev: ever
im: emir
5
oph: ephor
rro: error
eag: eager
ets: ester
ebm: ember
edl: elder
eta: eater
eid: eider
eth: ether
etn: enter
6
eadn: endear
ialc: eclair
etih: either
eidg: edgier
eran: earner
eeri: eerier
etas: easter
ethc: etcher
eevn: evener
eias: easier
tiod: editor
iilx: elixir
eras: eraser
eadv: evader
7
eropm: emperor
etipm: emptier
uoadc: ecuador
etolc: elector
eertc: erecter
eodcn: encoder
qtuoa: equator
eyojn: enjoyer
etojc: ejector
erial: earlier
ettim: emitter
weopm: empower
8
eragvn: engraver
eetdxn: extender
eiaxnm: examiner
ertiox: exterior
eeignn: engineer
eroplx: explorer
qeruin: enquirer
epadxn: expander
eopdlx: exploder
eyoplm: employer
eadgnn: endanger
eedgnn: engender
ettibm: embitter
eeyiln: eyeliner
eragln: enlarger
etoalv: elevator
eiodlv: evildoer
ertopx: exporter
tuoalm: emulator
ealbmm: embalmer
eucbnm: encumber
eexbmm: exmember
eahcnn: enhancer
erofcn: enforcer
etoffc: effector
etuoxc: executor
erosdn: endorser
epalxm: exemplar
tuoadc: educator
9
qeeuhxc: exchequer
eelzzbm: embezzler
rttoaxc: extractor
etahcnn: enchanter
etioplx: exploiter
eerisxc: exerciser
eioslxc: excelsior
eeoplvn: enveloper
ttioasm: estimator
toaaxcv: excavator
toaaslc: escalator
eriodbm: embroider
etaglnn: entangler
euoadvn: endeavour
eerisgn: energiser
etuocnn: encounter
tiiohxb: exhibitor
tuoaalv: evaluator
eaghxcn: exchanger
qeuiasl: equaliser
10
tiioalnm: eliminator
rtoaaslx: extrasolar
rtoopaav: evaporator
eruoagcn: encourager
ertuoanm: enumerator
11
eerttiann: entertainer
eetuioxcn: executioner
weerodfll: elderflower
quuiaagln: equiangular
tiopaacnm: emancipator
12
etiiiohxbn: exhibitioner
etuiisghxn: extinguisher
ertopaghhn: ethnographer
eeroppasdv: eavesdropper
eeerrtupnn: entrepreneur
eriasfhcnn: enfranchiser
eeertipxnm: experimenter
erttioaxnm: exterminator
13
ertuaalllxc: extracellular

rt
3
a: rat
u: rut
o: rot
4
oo: root
en: rent
af: raft
us: rust
an: rant
uo: rout
pa: rapt
io: riot
un: runt
es: rest
if: rift
5
eis: resit
aab: rabat
eac: react
eiv: rivet
ees: reset
eub: rebut
oob: robot
oas: roast
oos: roost
eif: refit
eim: remit
eil: relit
igh: right
6
euss: russet
erto: retort
epas: repast
eusl: result
iasc: racist
eiss: resist
eras: rarest
eusd: rudest
erop: report
eilc: relict
eros: resort
eepn: repent
eerg: regret
easc: recast
eepa: repeat
uoag: ragout
eerv: revert
eejc: reject
eeln: relent
eegn: regent
eolv: revolt
eodn: rodent
eets: retest
uosb: robust
eeah: reheat
erup: rupert
weas: rawest
eecn: recent
iabb: rabbit
eakc: racket
eokc: rocket
eips: ripest
eoob: reboot
eesn: resent
eacn: recant
ipas: rapist
7
paanm: rampant
roppa: rapport
eesdd: reddest
easkn: rankest
eepsc: respect
eannm: remnant
qeeus: request
ertac: retract
epaad: readapt
rpaam: rampart
epaln: replant
eoafl: refloat
wooab: rowboat
euocn: recount
euilb: rebuilt
eigln: ringlet
eiisv: revisit
euilv: rivulet
eerta: retreat
eioss: rosiest
eishc: richest
eassh: rashest
qeuac: racquet
eruic: recruit
eighl: relight
eianm: raiment
euonm: remount
iaadn: radiant
eiasl: realist
eiasc: raciest
eeipc: receipt
eiadm: readmit
eeagn: reagent
eeflc: reflect
ertas: restart
eradf: redraft
euodb: redoubt
eialn: reliant
eripn: reprint
eriab: rarebit
uioan: rainout
erafc: refract
eipan: repaint
wroag: ragwort
8
etuiss: rustiest
eepacc: reaccept
weiosd: rowdiest
tiisgh: rightist
eeignm: regiment
euosgh: roughest
eeticn: reticent
eeeslc: reselect
eroafm: reformat
eioosm: roomiest
eeiasd: readiest
eiiasn: rainiest
eetosm: remotest
eeivnn: reinvent
eiissk: riskiest
eeisvn: reinvest
eaalxn: relaxant
eisdfh: redshift
uiannm: ruminant
eeavnn: revenant
etoash: rheostat
eeridc: redirect
eioskc: rockiest
ruiasl: ruralist
euosdn: roundest
eeervn: reverent
eeisdn: resident
euisnn: runniest
yioasl: royalist
eiohcc: ricochet
eerass: reassert
eeerfn: referent
eealvn: relevant
ioaacn: raincoat
ertiof: retrofit
eoasnn: resonant
eeodln: redolent
eerisn: reinsert
euasdj: readjust
etaacn: reactant
euisbm: resubmit
ertisc: restrict
9
eeoccnn: reconnect
eetpann: repentant
etiassn: resistant
etuoghh: rethought
eeeplln: repellent
eeucbnm: recumbent
eupagnn: repugnant
eeiisln: resilient
eeollcc: recollect
ertiasn: restraint
eerrucn: recurrent
etuasln: resultant
weipasn: rainswept
eriosdc: recordist
eerrusc: resurrect
eriosfm: reformist
etualcn: reluctant
euaddnn: redundant
eeiipcn: recipient
eerasdb: redbreast
eerusgn: resurgent
eioppan: reappoint
ertaadn: retardant
tiosghm: rightmost
eeypanm: repayment
euoslcn: reconsult
eerocvn: reconvert
eeoslvn: resolvent
eeerpsn: represent
eettpam: reattempt
iiaaslc: racialist
10
eeeifnnm: refinement
eeetsnnm: resentment
eeraanmm: rearmament
etiiaslv: relativist
eiiisdcv: recidivist
qeeuoscn: reconquest
erioasfn: rainforest
eiashcvn: revanchist
eiiaslvv: revivalist
eeopsdnn: respondent
eertopsc: retrospect
eeertinm: retirement
uuooadbn: roundabout
ertuaasn: restaurant
ertiasnm: retransmit
11
eeerrtipn: reinterpret
ertuosccn: reconstruct
eiiiossvn: revisionist
eeettasnm: restatement
iiooasdgl: radiologist
eeiiscnnm: reminiscent
eeepalcnm: replacement
tiioaasln: rationalist
eertuicnm: recruitment
qeeeruinm: requirement
eeerravbn: reverberant
eerriafgn: refrigerant
eeiaglnnm: realignment
eeepsdlnn: resplendent
eeersfhnm: refreshment
eioacbnnm: recombinant
12
eeeassssnm: reassessment
eettaahcnm: reattachment
eeeettslnm: resettlement
eeeyopdlnm: redeployment
eetuasdjnm: readjustment
eetiiopscn: receptionist
eeetisvnnm: reinvestment
ertiaalccn: recalcitrant
eeerthcnnm: retrenchment
etuiiosdcn: reductionist
eeiassgnnm: reassignment
eeeuocnnnm: renouncement
13
eeettiasnnm: reinstatement
eeruisfhbnm: refurbishment
eeeruisbnmm: reimbursement
eeeeopdlvnm: redevelopment
eeerraagnnm: rearrangement
eeroppahcnm: rapprochement
eeeriofcnnm: reinforcement
eeeipshlnnm: replenishment
eetioppannm: reappointment
eeeiolccnnm: reconcilement
14
eeeeoccnnmmm: recommencement

rv
3
e: rev

rw
8
eeriav: rearview
ooasdh: roadshow
iashkc: rickshaw
3
a: raw
o: row
5
een: renew
6
erad: redraw
erog: regrow
eosh: reshow
eeiv: review
7
ioabn: rainbow

rp
3
a: rap
i: rip
e: rep
4
um: rump
ea: reap
as: rasp
am: ramp
om: romp
5
eac: recap
eam: remap
6
wera: rewrap
euoc: recoup
eavm: revamp
7
eruog: regroup
tooof: rooftop
uuodn: roundup
tiops: ripstop
oaadm: roadmap
8
rioadn: raindrop
eruunn: runnerup
9
eruusnn: runnersup
eeeodlv: redevelop
10
rroaashz: razorsharp
eeriasdh: readership
11
ertuasbbm: rubberstamp
12
etiioashln: relationship
eeeriishcv: receivership

rr
4
ea: rear
oa: roar
5
eul: ruler
aad: radar
eis: riser
eid: rider
too: rotor
eac: racer
eiv: river
weo: rower
euc: recur
eip: riper
eta: rater
era: rarer
eud: ruder
iog: rigor
eov: rover
eef: refer
oaz: razor
eav: raver
6
eios: rosier
epas: rasper
eedn: render
eihc: richer
eoam: roamer
eigg: rigger
eedd: redder
etio: rioter
eyhm: rhymer
uiog: rigour
etos: roster
etoc: rector
eudd: rudder
eera: rearer
eash: rasher
eoll: roller
eepa: reaper
etaf: rafter
eopm: romper
etan: ranter
etah: rather
eunn: runner
eobb: robber
eipa: rapier, repair
etuo: router
etto: rotter
eagn: ranger
eroa: roarer
eipp: ripper
eetn: renter
uuom: rumour
eead: reader
topa: raptor
euin: ruiner
eubb: rubber
eokc: rocker
eakn: ranker
etas: raster
eias: raiser
eoof: roofer
eign: ringer
eiad: raider
eamm: rammer
eiac: racier
7
etigh: righter
eeovm: remover
eeudc: reducer
euagl: regular
eiian: rainier
weiod: rowdier
eerod: reorder
euogh: rougher
eeocv: recover
euocc: reoccur
eiisk: riskier
eeiad: readier
eeusc: rescuer
etusl: rustler
eetiv: riveter
etoos: rooster
euinn: runnier
eeivv: reviver
euish: rushier
ettal: rattler
eahcn: rancher
eeppa: repaper
eeokv: revoker
ealbm: rambler
etios: roister
eeipl: replier
ttooa: rotator
eetom: remoter
eioom: roomier
eeifn: refiner
etoas: roaster
eeisv: reviser
eiokc: rockier
ettia: rattier
etoac: reactor
etoal: relator
etuis: rustier
uoacn: rancour
euodn: rounder
8
eeilcn: recliner
eetopc: receptor
eeripa: repairer
eetian: retainer
etiiaf: ratifier
etioss: resistor
eeokcn: reckoner
eeesll: reseller
weeeiv: reviewer
uuoshh: rushhour
eeebmm: remember
eeersv: reserver, reverser
eoacnm: romancer
eeeedm: redeemer
eetial: retailer
eeeidn: reindeer
tioaad: radiator
eeellv: reveller
eerodc: recorder
eeubnm: renumber
eetisg: register
etoasd: roadster
eeoasn: reasoner
eertos: restorer
eeppaa: reappear
eertop: reporter
eeolvv: revolver
eeetpa: repeater
eerofm: reformer
eetasm: remaster
eeidnm: reminder
eeeicv: receiver
eiashv: ravisher
eeoslv: resolver
9
eeeidlv: redeliver
eeeidfn: redefiner
eeriosv: reservoir
etuialc: reticular
eeopsdn: responder
eeialcm: reclaimer
eeiodjn: rejoinder
eeiadnm: remainder
etuoagl: regulator
etuoacn: raconteur
qeeetus: requester
eetiifc: rectifier
qeeuocn: reconquer
eetypaa: ratepayer
ertiasg: registrar
etooasn: resonator
eetoflc: reflector
eeertiv: retriever
eeraghc: recharger
eertuic: recruiter
eeersfh: refresher
wetiaan: rainwater
10
eeiosdcv: rediscover
eeerashc: researcher
eeiosgcn: recogniser
ertuoppa: rapporteur
eeeerfcn: referencer
eeiadgln: ringleader
ertiopas: respirator
eeiosdcn: reconsider
etiopalc: replicator
etiasgnm: ringmaster
11
etuaaglcn: rectangular
wetiigghn: rightwinger
etiadghhn: righthander
eetiialcn: rectilinear
12
eriopaadgh: radiographer
eerrtioafg: refrigerator
eerttuuaas: restaurateur
13
eertooasllc: rollercoaster

rs
4
eo: roes
ag: rags
ed: reds
ef: refs
am: rams
im: rims
eu: rues
ib: ribs
wo: rows
id: rids
ig: rigs
ev: revs
tu: ruts
ep: reps
to: rots
pa: raps
ip: rips
ta: rats
ya: rays
od: rods
oc: rocs
ob: robs
un: runs
ug: rugs
ub: rubs
5
ugn: rungs
roa: roars
edn: rends
eul: rules
eov: roves
ikn: rinks
taf: rafts
tan: rants
oad: roads
eum: remus
ial: rails, rials
oll: rolls
ian: rains, ranis
eos: roses
eid: rides
iad: raids
oam: roams
usk: rusks
eub: rebus
tio: riots
too: roots
adn: rands
ign: rings
eaz: razes
toa: rotas
ukc: rucks
pam: ramps
eop: ropes
akn: ranks
eak: rakes
oof: roofs
eam: reams
eal: reals
eob: robes
oom: rooms
isk: risks
eac: races
tus: rusts
eun: runes
ead: reads
eag: rages
ikc: ricks
okc: rocks
pas: rasps
ook: rooks
tun: runts
tuo: routs
opm: romps
upm: rumps
uin: ruins
tif: rifts
eav: raves
uff: ruffs
ets: rests
eis: rises
eti: rites
ill: rills
ein: reins
eol: roles
idn: rinds
eel: reels
iff: riffs
eta: rates
era: rears
eek: reeks
akc: racks
eed: reeds
eef: reefs
etn: rents
eil: riles
epa: rapes, reaps
6
etim: remits
uupm: rumpus
erac: racers
eruc: recurs
eris: risers
eisn: resins, rinses
etif: refits
eram: rearms
eesc: recess
erav: ravers
eeup: rupees
epac: recaps
eipn: ripens
iahc: rachis
eyhm: rhymes
oanm: romans
toob: robots
erid: riders
eush: rhesus, rushes
eilc: relics
etis: resits
ealv: ravels
rtoo: rotors
eepl: repels
taab: rabats
uogh: roughs
eerf: refers
eash: rashes
uiad: radius
erov: rovers
epam: remaps
eelb: rebels
eriv: rivers
eeuv: revues
eifl: rifles
eyal: relays
etac: reacts
uodn: rounds
ealm: realms
uabm: rumbas
eism: remiss
eign: reigns
euog: rogues, rouges
roaz: razors
tigh: rights
ween: renews
etuo: routes
eets: resets
ioad: radios
erun: reruns
eagn: ranges
erul: rulers
eeil: relies
euib: rubies
eidg: ridges
toos: roosts
eelv: revels
yoal: royals
toas: roasts
ipad: rapids
iabb: rabbis
eihc: riches
etiv: rivets
raad: radars
eood: rodeos
eias: raises
iobn: robins
eial: railes
eypa: repays
tioa: ratios
eeus: reuses
ialv: rivals
euos: rouses
wero: rowers
eavn: ravens
eiab: rabies
7
eeopn: reopens
iobbn: ribbons
eersd: redress
eersg: regress
oasnm: ransoms
eerdn: renders
eascn: rescans
etokc: rockets
eeipc: recipes
iidgn: ridings
eetjc: rejects
weasn: rawness
eeops: reposes
etian: retains, retinas
etodn: rodents
eeigm: regimes
etikc: rickets
erunn: runners
uuolm: romulus
weidn: rewinds
eeudc: reduces
etaln: rentals
eoadl: reloads
eealv: reveals
eetuf: refutes
ettal: rattles
werad: redraws, rewards
euolb: roubles
eianm: remains
eealx: relaxes
iisgn: risings
eetup: reputes
eeedm: redeems
eeedc: recedes
iogvn: rovings
tuioo: riotous
eadnm: remands
eiavn: ravines
eeilv: relives
eisgn: resigns
epavm: revamps
eaffl: raffles
eradg: regards
erigg: riggers
eiddl: riddles
erign: ringers
eetpn: repents
eripp: rippers
eulbm: rumbles
eeovm: removes
eerah: rehears
eetpa: repeats
uuoac: raucous
uahbm: rhumbas
uuion: ruinous
eeufg: refuges
eeufl: refuels
erash: rashers
uigln: rulings
etpas: repasts
erudd: rudders
eepal: repeals
tuisc: rustics
eeiad: readies
erokc: rockers
erakn: rankers
ertio: rioters
etacn: recants
erakm: remarks
eeruc: recures
uohbm: rhombus
ruiog: rigours
eiojn: rejoins
ertuo: routers
ertun: returns
werok: reworks
iiasn: raisins
eeivv: revives
iagvn: ravings
etasc: recasts
eeanm: renames
eetsn: resents
ruuom: rumours
eoasn: reasons
eeifl: reliefs
eeifn: refines
eertv: reverts
ettoa: rotates
iooob: rooibos
eeagl: regales
etilc: relicts
eulbb: rubbles
tiabb: rabbits
eertg: regrets
tioan: rations
erobb: robbers
eertn: renters
eerti: retires, retries
tiasc: racists
aaslc: rascals
eesdn: redness
ealbm: rambles
eoahc: roaches
eippl: ripples
eiogn: regions
eetic: recites
rtopa: raptors
erubb: rubbers
eetah: reheats
eetak: retakes
eetal: relates
etusl: results, rustles
eetab: rebates
eeixm: remixes
erodc: records
etucm: rectums
eiolc: recoils
eypal: replays
eokcn: reckons
eeisd: resides
eeipl: replies
eeahc: reaches
eallc: recalls
euopc: recoups
eetyp: retypes
ertos: resorts, rosters
eroll: rollers
eakln: rankles
ertop: reports
etiss: resists
wyuan: runways
tipas: rapists
ertoc: rectors
eeddn: reddens
eripa: rapiers, repairs
eerps: repress
eislm: rimless
etakc: rackets
eiagn: regains, reginas
eeokv: revokes
eetln: relents
eetgn: regents
eaagv: ravages
eudfn: refunds
eragn: rangers
eetts: retests
eeusc: rescues
etolv: revolts
etial: retails
euffl: ruffles
eeusf: refuses
tiagn: ratings
euffb: rebuffs
eeusm: resumes
erofm: reforms
eeodc: recodes
eahcn: ranches
weeiv: reviews
eidnm: reminds
eerad: readers, rereads
iaadn: radians
eiadc: radices
iaadl: radials
ertad: retards
eeukb: rebukes
tyhhm: rhythms
iagcn: racings
eiook: rookies
euofc: refocus
eeakm: remakes
tuial: rituals
ertas: rasters
eriad: raiders
eeisv: revises
ertan: ranters
eiall: rallies
ertto: retorts
eerpa: reapers
eifll: refills
eeerv: reveres
ertaf: rafters
8
wyiaal: railways
euoghn: roughens
wyoaad: roadways
euagmm: rummages
eeignm: regimens
eeoslv: resolves
etannm: remnants
eeersv: reserves, reverses
eoacnm: romances
eeeasl: releases
easshn: rashness
eiiafm: ramifies
eiagln: realigns
erioas: rosaries
eeegvn: revenges
eertta: retreats
etushl: ruthless
etiisv: revisits
eerrod: reorders
eetagn: reagents
eisgln: ringless
eeeerf: referees
etoosl: rootless
eroopf: reproofs
eeolvv: revolves
eeishl: relishes
ertuup: ruptures
eeessc: recesses
qetuac: racquets
eetpsc: respects
eiashv: ravishes
tiiihn: rhinitis
euoavn: ravenous
wtooab: rowboats
euasfl: refusals
etialc: recitals
rtuosm: rostrums
ruioog: rigorous
eettas: restates
etigln: ringlets
ertupa: raptures
eeipsn: ripeness
ertoos: roosters
eeripl: repliers
euosdb: rosebuds
etiasl: realists
iifgln: riflings
eeualv: revalues
eishcn: richness
etiadm: readmits
eialvv: revivals
eesklc: reckless
eiasln: rainless
eialcm: reclaims
ioofgn: roofings
eertad: retreads
eetuin: retinues, reunites
etuion: routines
iagknn: rankings
eralbm: ramblers
eetipl: reptiles
eetipc: receipts
eeeufg: refugees
eeuisd: residues
weerti: rewrites
eertos: restores
eetflc: reflects
eopsdn: responds
eeaddh: redheads
eeuiss: reissues
eruodn: rounders
etiops: ripostes
weealn: renewals
etuodb: redoubts
rttooa: rotators
eeaslc: rescales
eepash: reshapes
eeasln: realness
eepasl: relapses
tioocb: robotics
eeilcn: reclines
tiagnn: rantings
etiiaf: ratifies
iashkc: rickshas
eerovm: removers
ertuic: recruits
eetssl: restless
eiadgn: readings
etuilv: rivulets
ertafc: refracts
iaadlc: radicals
eepalc: replaces
eettos: rosettes
ooaccn: raccoons
eeeidm: remedies
qeeuim: requiems
rtpaam: ramparts
ertusl: rustlers
eertin: rentiers
eerifn: refiners
euodbn: rebounds
wioabn: rainbows
tuiocn: ructions
euosdn: resounds
erypas: resprays
eeeilv: relieves
eeylcc: recycles
euiosn: resinous
eiasdh: radishes
eeeicv: receives
eoosfl: roofless
eertac: retraces
qeetus: requests
eoalvm: removals
ertoac: reactors
uiaffn: ruffians
eerudc: reducers
eerusc: rescuers
eertuo: reroutes
erttac: retracts
erttas: restarts
eeetlc: reelects
eerokv: revokers
eerocv: recovers
eeiasl: realises
ertiia: rarities
eeeflx: reflexes
epaagm: rampages
tooopf: rooftops
qeerui: requires
rtoppa: rapports
etuonm: remounts
ertipn: reprints
euidlb: rebuilds
eruagl: regulars
ettaag: regattas
easknn: rankness
euodln: roundels
eeeuvn: revenues
uigbbn: rubbings
euionn: reunions
eeuslc: recluses
etiaad: radiates
eriafn: refrains
eipalc: replicas
eeeriv: reveries
etuocn: recounts
ertihb: rebirths
etoadc: redcoats
erahcn: ranchers
tioogn: rootings
eeashh: rehashes
eerasn: rareness
uuopdn: roundups
eeusdn: rudeness
iiagln: railings
eiossl: rissoles
eeiojc: rejoices
erosdc: redcross
euupsm: rumpuses
eeasss: reassess
9
eripasl: reprisals
eetivnn: reinvents
eeopsss: repossess
eeerilv: revelries
wrooadk: roadworks
eriialv: rivalries
euosdnn: roundness
eerolvv: revolvers
etuisbm: resubmits
eeriobb: robberies
eeertun: returnees
euiasdl: residuals
eerylcc: recyclers
eertial: retailers
eertian: retainers
eeerllv: revellers
euisddn: ruddiness
etuissn: rustiness
eertasm: remasters
eeerash: rehearses
eertass: reasserts
rtuuopa: rapturous
eeuocnn: renounces
ttiooan: rotations
eeertfn: referents
eriaffm: reaffirms
eertisg: registers
eerrtop: reporters
eetialv: relatives
eerrtos: restorers
eiisskn: riskiness
eeersfh: refreshes
eeericv: receivers
etuiogh: righteous
euishbb: rubbishes
oafkllc: rockfalls
eeropsc: reprocess
erttasd: redstarts
euoshbm: rhombuses
eeraslv: reversals
eerpash: rephrases
eeroagc: racegoers
tioaacn: raincoats
eiiogln: religions
etioaln: relations
iaglbnm: ramblings
erttisc: restricts
uiopaac: rapacious
eioasdd: roadsides
uiglbnm: rumblings
ioodhbm: rhomboids
euiidlc: ridicules
etioacn: reactions
ertiasn: restrains
tuiannm: ruminants
euiiogl: religious
eeersll: resellers
euosghn: roughness
eetignm: regiments
weeeriv: reviewers
etisghn: rightness
eeuosfc: refocuses
ertioss: resistors
uaskkcc: rucksacks
wiashkc: rickshaws
eeopssn: responses
etaalxn: relaxants
eiassgn: reassigns
eetoalc: relocates
eeetagl: relegates
eeeadgn: renegades
eetisdn: residents
eetiifc: rectifies
eerppaa: reappears
ruooacn: rancorous
tyioasl: royalists
eioosbm: ribosomes
wooasdh: roadshows
eeisdgn: redesigns
ettiiin: retinitis
eeiasdn: readiness
eeertac: recreates
eerrofm: reformers
etyioal: royalties
eetuilc: reticules
euiplcb: republics
eeerpss: represses
eeridnm: reminders
eetiial: realities
eiiosvn: revisions
eeeidfn: redefines
eeroasn: reasoners
eeruass: reassures
riopadn: raindrops
eeroslv: resolvers
eetoasn: resonates
eeerbmm: remembers
ettaacn: reactants
weiosdn: rowdiness
eeeslbm: resembles
eertopc: receptors
etisdfh: redshifts
ettualb: rebuttals
eertidc: redirects
tioacnm: romantics
ioasdgn: roadsigns
eerripa: repairers
eetuagl: regulates
rtioaad: radiators
euooklb: rulebooks
eerrafl: referrals
etuidnm: rudiments
eeriook: rookeries
eeertiv: retrieves
eerrodc: recorders
eeruosc: resources
eeertpa: repeaters
eeraghc: recharges
eeerssg: regresses
10
eiiossnm: remissions
etiiiidg: rigidities
rtioasnm: rainstorms
eeuodzvn: rendezvous
eeetosnm: remoteness
eerusddl: rudderless
eeodcnmm: recommends
eeiosgcn: recognises
eiifglln: refillings
ertiosfm: reformists
eeeerfcn: references
eeruisbm: reimburses
erttiasn: restraints
qeetuiis: requisites
eeuossfc: refocusses
eertissv: reservists
eeriadnm: remainders
eettiaal: retaliates
tiioaadn: radiations
eerrtusc: resurrects
ooadklcb: roadblocks
eerriosv: reservoirs
eertypaa: ratepayers
wrtiadgh: rightwards
uioadlcn: rainclouds
tuiioann: ruinations
eeoassln: reasonless
eeiolccn: reconciles
eeiocbnm: recombines
rioallzb: razorbills
eeroashc: racehorses
eetiipcn: recipients
eertoflc: reflectors
eeuusfln: ruefulness
etiipaln: reptilians
ertiosdc: recordists
eiiiidfg: rigidifies
eetaglcn: rectangles
eertopab: reprobates
eeiollbn: rebellions
eeerttia: reiterates
eripadnm: reprimands
tiiaaslc: racialists
uuiiodlc: ridiculous
errtoafc: refractors
eettiasn: reinstates
eeropsdn: responders
eetiopcn: receptions
ertooasn: resonators
eeoascnn: resonances
etuossbn: robustness
eiiogjcn: rejoicings
euiopsln: repulsions
eeetslln: relentless
etiiodnn: renditions
eerrtuic: recruiters
eeropahc: reproaches
eeeriocv: recoveries
errtiasg: registrars
ertuoagl: regulators
eetuopcm: recomputes
eriodgcn: recordings
eetypanm: repayments
etuiodcn: reductions
eettionn: retentions
eerraagn: rearranges
eeerrtiv: retrievers
eeriofcn: reinforces
eeeriifn: refineries
eruioscn: recursions
eeertpsn: represents
eeiosscn: recessions
eeusdggn: ruggedness
eetiojcn: rejections
eetuipad: repudiates
eertialv: retrievals
eetipalc: replicates
eeerashc: researches
eeiiscnm: reminisces
eeeisdcn: residences
eeusffhl: reshuffles
eetollcc: recollects
eeridgnn: renderings
eerasdgl: regardless
eeraashl: rehearsals
eeruopdc: reproduces
wertiign: rewritings
eeuisfkn: refuseniks
eeuiollb: rebellious
eertiisg: registries
etioaaln: rationales
weriodgn: rewordings
eiopasdh: rhapsodies
eeriodjn: rejoinders
eeioflxn: reflexions
erioohcn: rhinoceros
eoasdnnm: randomness
eettosnn: rottenness
etuiahcm: rheumatics
11
euiossghn: roguishness
etiiisdcv: recidivists
eeeopscnm: recompenses
etuioosln: resolutions
eetioalvn: revelations
tuiioannm: ruminations
eetioflcn: reflections
eertioacn: recreations
erttioacn: retractions
eettiacnm: remittances
ertiopaan: reparations
errtiopas: respirators
ettiioacn: recitations
etiiaslvv: revivalists
euipalcbn: republicans
eeerrtiop: repertoires
eeriosdcn: reconsiders
etiooavnn: renovations
eriopalcc: reciprocals
eeerudfnm: referendums
uiaaffgnm: ragamuffins
eetussfln: restfulness
eerripasb: raspberries
eeettsnnm: resentments
etuioagln: regulations
riopaadgh: radiographs
eetiasscn: resistances
eeripasdh: readerships
etiioopsn: repositions
eettuiiop: repetitious
ertioasfn: rainforests
eroaadlzb: razorblades
tuuuiosbm: rumbustious
eeriopssn: repressions
etiooacvn: revocations
eeerrashc: researchers
errtuoppa: rapporteurs
eettiiacv: recitatives
erttiasnm: retransmits
eerioasgn: reorganises
eeruoascc: racecourses
ertiopalc: replicators
eeetpalcc: receptacles
etiooalcn: relocations
eeeoccnmm: recommences
eetopsdnn: respondents
tuuooadbn: roundabouts
ettiiaslv: relativists
eettiaacv: reactivates
eeriossgn: regressions
eeerttinm: retirements
eeuipshlb: republishes
eeetasdln: relatedness
etioaalxn: relaxations
qeeruiial: reliquaries
eeerosslm: remorseless
eeertupac: recuperates
eeeertagn: regenerates
ettuioafn: refutations
eetiopdnm: redemptions
eeetifnnm: refinements
eeerruccn: recurrences
eeriadgln: ringleaders
eetoaallc: reallocates
ertioafcn: refractions
eeriosgcn: recognisers
ettuiopan: reputations
etuioolvn: revolutions
eettiiopn: repetitions
eeriosdcv: rediscovers
erttuaasn: restaurants
eeetissvn: restiveness
12
eeerttioan: reorientates
etiioasgnn: resignations
etioacbnnm: recombinants
eettaaskln: rattlesnakes
eeetpalcnm: replacements
ertioaafcn: rarefactions
etioaalcnm: reclamations
eeeaslcbnm: resemblances
etuioaalvn: revaluations
ertioasghc: ragstoriches
erttiooasn: restorations
etiioascnm: romanticises
eeetssssln: restlessness
wertiigghn: rightwingers
eettiiiacv: reactivities
qeeuiishln: relinquishes
eeeerrtavb: reverberates
etiiopalcn: replications
etiioogcnn: recognitions
eeruaasscn: reassurances
eetiaglnnm: realignments
eerrtiafgn: refrigerants
ertiioahcn: rhetoricians
eerrttuusc: restructures
weeeropasd: roadsweepers
ertiooafnm: reformations
eetiiovnnn: reinventions
eerrtuiosv: retroviruses
eeiaglllbn: relabellings
qeeertuinm: requirements
eertuoaflm: reformulates
qetuiiiosn: requisitions
etiioaasln: realisations
ertiadghhn: righthanders
eertuiiagl: regularities
eeruiofgcn: reconfigures
eeuiaddcnn: redundancies
eertioasvn: reservations
tiiooasdgl: radiologists
eertiioops: repositories
ttiioaasln: rationalists
eetussshln: ruthlessness
eeertsfhnm: refreshments
eeesssklcn: recklessness
etiiiossvn: revisionists
eertuiodcn: reintroduces
erttuosccn: reconstructs
eeriooshcn: rhinoceroses
erttiioscn: restrictions
eeiiassflc: reclassifies
eeeracbnmm: remembrances
13
erooodddhnn: rhododendrons
eetuioajvnn: rejuvenations
eetttuioscn: reconstitutes
eeeiisccnnm: reminiscences
eiioaaadglx: radiogalaxies
ettiiioaaln: rationalities
eeeettisvnn: retentiveness
eeioopssssn: repossessions
erttiioasgn: registrations
eerrrtioafg: refrigerators
etiiopashln: relationships
eetiiiiallb: reliabilities
erttiiopaan: repatriations
ttiiioaafcn: ratifications
eettuasdjnm: readjustments
eertiioaacn: reactionaries
tiiioaafcnm: ramifications
etuiioacnnn: renunciations
eeeetipscvn: receptiveness
eeeeisflxvn: reflexiveness
erriopaadgh: radiographers
eetioollccn: recollections
ertuioopdcn: reproductions
eettiiopscn: receptionists
eeioasgccnn: recognisances
eetiiiodfnn: redefinitions
eeertioagnn: regenerations
eerttuiisdb: redistributes
eeeuipsslvn: repulsiveness
eetuiossghn: righteousness
eeetassssnm: reassessments
eerrttuuaas: restaurateurs
euiiosssbnm: resubmissions
eeeriiosdcv: rediscoveries
eeruiopsscn: repercussions
eeuiiossgln: religiousness
ettuiiosdcn: reductionists
eettuipaalc: recapitulates
14
eertuisfhbnm: refurbishments
eeeetsssllnn: relentlessness
eeeoaasslbnn: reasonableness
eeertiofcnnm: reinforcements
eeeuiossllbn: rebelliousness
eeeettiipsvn: repetitiveness
euuiiossdlcn: ridiculousness
eeerttiopscv: retrospectives
erttiooasnnm: remonstrations
ertiiioacnnm: recriminations
eeerrtaagnnm: rearrangements
eeeetisflcvn: reflectiveness
eeeiopsssvnn: responsiveness
ertiioaacnnn: reincarnations
eeerrtioavbn: reverberations
ertuiooaflnm: reformulations
etiioopalcnm: recompilations
eetuiiooslvn: revolutionises
15
erttuiioodcnn: reintroductions
ertiioasssnnm: retransmissions
eeruopasfhlcn: reproachfulness
eeeruuossflcn: resourcefulness
erttuioosccnn: reconstructions
eetiooadcnnmm: recommendations
eeeerttipasvn: representatives
eetiasddghhnn: righthandedness
eeerttiopasnn: representations
etiiiooalccnn: reconciliations
ertiiooaasgnn: reorganisations
erttuiiiosdbn: redistributions
eertuiiooalvn: revolutionaries
16
eetiiiiopsslbn: responsibilities
ertuiiooafgcnn: reconfigurations
ttiiiooaaaslnn: rationalisations
18
eeeeerttipassvnn: representativeness

rx
5
iad: radix
eim: remix
eal: relax
eod: redox
6
eefl: reflex
eufl: reflux
7
ertic: rectrix

ry
3
a: ray
4
el: rely
ac: racy
os: rosy
ub: ruby
5
ert: retry
agn: rangy
all: rally
ian: rainy
eal: relay
oom: roomy
ugb: rugby
tus: rusty
ead: ready
isk: risky
umm: rummy
epl: reply
pas: raspy
okc: rocky
udd: ruddy
eif: reify
adn: randy
wod: rowdy
tta: ratty
unn: runny
epa: repay
6
ashl: rashly
ialc: racily
iosl: rosily
eedm: remedy
rtia: rarity
eisn: resiny
eral: rarely
etal: realty
erub: rebury
eipl: ripely
roas: rosary
iafm: ramify
eudl: rudely
oanm: romany
ihlc: richly
eopc: recopy
tiaf: ratify
wuan: runway
eall: really
epal: replay
rtoa: rotary
7
eerlv: revelry
uoghl: roughly
eeccn: recency
iidgl: rigidly
erokc: rockery
eppal: reapply
wiodl: rowdily
yoall: royally
tighl: rightly
erubb: rubbery
etikc: rickety
etial: reality
eegcn: regency
woaad: roadway
erook: rookery
tyoal: royalty
erram: remarry
ipadl: rapidly
eagll: regally
erpas: respray
etifc: rectify
iadlb: rabidly
euifn: reunify
eruog: roguery
rialv: rivalry
wuaan: runaway
eiadl: readily
wiaal: railway
uodln: roundly
ertoc: rectory
ruall: rurally
erobb: robbery
8
iiidfg: rigidify
tipaac: rapacity
rttooa: rotatory
eaadlb: readably
riadlb: ribaldry
tuiall: ritually
eroasm: rosemary
eerocv: recovery
eetlcn: recently
euufll: ruefully
tuoslb: robustly
eiifvv: revivify
ettoln: rottenly
euppsl: resupply
eudggl: ruggedly
iaadll: radially
iaglvn: ravingly
oadlnm: randomly
eetolm: remotely
opasdh: rhapsody
iaallc: racially
eerifn: refinery
ertokc: rocketry
eeopdl: redeploy
eriall: raillery
etiagl: regality
yoopll: rolypoly
iaadcn: radiancy
tiipad: rapidity
eooghl: rheology
eadggl: raggedly
euopcc: reoccupy
tiiidg: rigidity
uishbb: rubbishy
ertisg: registry
aasllc: rascally
eiallb: reliably
9
uiosghl: roguishly
uuiosln: ruinously
ttuiisc: rusticity
etuioln: routinely
tiaadln: radiantly
eetupdl: reputedly
errpasb: raspberry
tuioosl: riotously
iooadgl: radiology
eruagll: regularly
uuoaslc: raucously
qeruial: reliquary
eeisdcn: residency
tpaalnm: rampantly
iaadllc: radically
eeipsfc: respecify
eruiasd: residuary
ttuiodn: rotundity
eipasdl: redisplay
eerrtop: repertory
iigglnn: ringingly
eealcvn: relevancy
etupalb: reputably
10
euoaslvn: ravenously
etiiglvn: rivetingly
ettiiacv: reactivity
eesskllc: recklessly
eraaklbm: remarkably
eertoalv: revelatory
eerislvb: reversibly
euaddcnn: redundancy
eeeridlv: redelivery
tioaalln: rationally
ertuoagl: regulatory
tuifghll: rightfully
eetsssll: restlessly
ettiialv: relativity
eetallvn: relevantly
ruioosgl: rigorously
eetpaalb: repeatably
eiagllxn: relaxingly
eeetpadl: repeatedly
tuiasllc: rustically
eetiallv: relatively
wrtooadh: roadworthy
eioaglln: regionally
ertuiagl: regularity
errtoafc: refractory
eeertlvn: reverently
eoaaslbn: reasonably
etusshll: ruthlessly
eeisdgln: resignedly
eeasslbm: reassembly
eiassflc: reclassify
eetuosll: resolutely
eertopdl: reportedly
etoaslnn: resonantly
ertioops: repository
11
etiiaadlv: radiatively
ertioaacn: reactionary
eriopglvn: reprovingly
eetiiflxv: reflexivity
eerrtulcn: recurrently
etiiiosgl: religiosity
eeiagllvn: revealingly
erttioaal: retaliatory
ioaaadglx: radiogalaxy
etiiaadlb: readability
eriioasvn: revisionary
eeeifllxv: reflexively
eettpalnn: repentantly
eeoofgllx: reflexology
riopaadgh: radiography
rtuuopasl: rapturously
ttiioaaln: rationality
ertuiadnm: rudimentary
etuiosghl: righteously
eetiisslv: resistively
etiogllvn: revoltingly
ettiiissv: resistivity
eeuipsllv: repulsively
ertiiopcc: reciprocity
euiiosgll: religiously
eeruislcv: recursively
ettuallcn: reluctantly
iiasghlvn: ravishingly
etiiiallb: reliability
eetusflln: resentfully
errtiopas: respiratory
eettiipcv: receptivity
eeipgllln: repellingly
etuaddlnn: redundantly
eetpaslcb: respectably
eertufgll: regretfully
eerttaglb: regrettably
eetttiivn: retentivity
eeriosdcv: rediscovery
eiopsslbn: responsibly
12
eeettiiplv: repetitively
ertiopaadh: radiotherapy
eeetssllln: relentlessly
tyiahhllcm: rhythmically
eeuioslllb: rebelliously
ertioahllc: rhetorically
eertuoajvn: rejuvenatory
eerioasscn: recessionary
ttiooaalln: rotationally
eeeripsslv: repressively
eerisfghln: refreshingly
euiosdglnn: resoundingly
etuiiidlcb: reducibility
etuooaghlm: rheumatology
eetupsfllc: respectfully
eruiassgln: reassuringly
eeetipslcv: respectively
eruiopdlcb: reproducibly
eriopallcc: reciprocally
eioasglcbn: recognisably
eeetifllcv: reflectively
tioaallcnm: romantically
eeiopsslvn: responsively
eettiiflcv: reflectivity
uuiiosdllc: ridiculously
etioaallln: relationally
etuiialvnm: ruminatively
eeruosfllm: remorsefully
13
eeertiaflln: referentially
etiiaaslllc: realistically
eettiipaalb: repeatability
etiioasllvb: resolvability
eerttioalcv: retroactively
etiioaadlcv: radioactively
eeerosssllm: remorselessly
eeertiallvn: reverentially
eetiislcnnm: reminiscently
ttiiioaadcv: radioactivity
eertiiislvb: reversibility
eruopafhllc: reproachfully
eerttiislcv: restrictively
ertuiooalvn: revolutionary
14
eertuiopdlcv: reproductively
etiiiopsslbn: responsibility
eertiioalcvb: recoverability
eettiipaslcb: respectability
15
ertuiiiopdlcb: reproducibility
eeerttiopslcv: retrospectively
ttuiiiaaslllc: ritualistically
16
ettiiiaaslllcv: relativistically

rz
10
taaazzzm: razzmatazz

rd
3
a: rad
i: rid
e: red
o: rod
4
ee: reed
ea: read
oa: road
an: rand
in: rind
ia: raid
5
eya: rayed
eob: robed
eak: raked
ipa: rapid
eul: ruled
weo: rowed
eac: raced
uon: round
iig: rigid
eag: raged
iab: rabid
eaz: razed
eta: rated
eov: roved
eas: rased
eav: raved
eil: riled
eop: roped
epa: raped
6
ialb: ribald
erag: regard
epas: rasped
etto: rotted
eeil: relied
eidg: ridged
eisn: rinsed
eoam: roamed
eoal: reload
erta: retard
eigg: rigged
eroc: record
eimm: rimmed
etoo: rooted
eufn: refund
etio: rioted
tuon: rotund
eyhm: rhymed
eush: rushed
eroa: roared
epam: ramped
ettu: rutted
eera: reared, reread
euos: roused
eanm: remand
eosl: resold
einm: remind
iacn: rancid
eepa: reaped
etol: retold
wera: reward
eifl: rifled
eibb: ribbed
eopm: romped
eibn: rebind
eoll: rolled
eobb: robbed
eipa: repaid
eagg: ragged
etuo: routed
eets: rested
eevv: revved
euog: rouged
eagn: ranged
eeti: retied
eein: reined
wein: rewind
eipp: ripped
eeef: reefed
eetn: rented
eett: retted
eugg: rugged
eeel: reeled
etus: rusted
etan: ranted
eeek: reeked
euin: ruined
eppa: rapped
eakc: racked
eokc: rocked
eakn: ranked
eesn: resend
eias: raised
eoof: roofed
eial: railed, relaid
eian: rained
eubb: rubbed
eign: ringed
eeus: reused
roam: ramrod
eiad: raided
eamm: rammed
wero: reword
eisk: risked
7
etigh: righted
eiddl: riddled
eulbm: rumbled
weood: redwood
weeri: rewired
eeudc: reduced
euosb: rosebud
eerah: reheard
eeahc: reached
eeign: reigned
eeodc: recoded
eippl: rippled
eeukb: rebuked
euosn: resound
eeops: reposed
eaagv: ravaged
eetic: recited
ettoa: rotated
eeadh: redhead
eeisv: revised
eiffl: riffled
eeovm: removed
euilb: rebuild
eeiad: readied
eeusc: rescued
etoas: roasted
eetal: related
eeruc: recured
eetiv: riveted
etoos: roosted
weeen: renewed
eetac: reacted
eeusm: resumed
eeusf: refused
eetyp: retyped
eetuf: refuted
ettal: rattled
euolm: remould
eeram: rearmed
weuon: rewound
eeivv: revived
eeokv: revoked
riopc: ripcord
eealx: relaxed
eopsn: respond
eeanm: renamed
eeisd: resided
eeipn: repined, ripened
eeyal: relayed
eeipl: replied
eeedc: receded
euffl: ruffled
eeifl: refiled
eeifn: refined
eioad: radioed
eethc: retched
eakln: rankled
eeagl: regaled
euobn: rebound
eeegn: reneged
euplm: rumpled
eiscn: rescind
eaffl: raffled
eeiln: relined
eeilv: relived, reviled
eerta: retread
etusl: rustled
eiall: rallied
ealbm: rambled
eetup: reputed
eeerv: revered
eeixm: remixed
eerti: retired, retried
euogh: roughed
euodn: redound, rounded
8
eetian: retained
eeuosh: rehoused
eetial: retailed
eeetjc: rejected
eeianm: remained
eeallv: ravelled
eeriaf: rarefied
eeoslv: resolved
eepakc: repacked
eeetsn: resented
eeuffb: rebuffed
eeersv: reserved, reversed
eoacnm: romanced
eeeasl: released, resealed
eerakm: remarked
eiiafm: ramified
eeudfn: refunded
eeradg: regarded
eeetts: retested
weerok: reworked
eeppac: recapped
eeeerf: refereed
eeolvv: revolved
eeishl: relished
ertuup: ruptured
eeodfl: refolded
eeepll: repelled
euagmm: rummaged
eeiopc: recopied
eoasnm: ransomed
eiashv: ravished
eeuflx: refluxed
eeripa: repaired
eettif: refitted
eeisgn: resigned
eettas: restated
eettim: remitted
eettil: retitled
eerips: respired
eeualv: revalued
weeeiv: reviewed
eerruc: recurred
eeeedm: redeemed
eeetah: reheated
eertad: retarded
eeiagn: regained
eeroll: rerolled
eetuin: reunited
eeallc: recalled
eeessc: recessed
eeruib: reburied
eeetas: reseated
eeuopc: recouped
eertos: resorted, restored
eerodc: recorded
eertop: reported
eeepal: repealed
eeerrf: referred
eeepas: rapeseed
eeuiss: reissued
uuicbn: rubicund
etiops: riposted
eiallv: rivalled
eeidnm: reminded
eetoob: rebooted
etioan: rationed
eeaslc: rescaled
eepash: reshaped
eeikln: relinked
eepasl: relapsed
eeilcn: reclined
eeellv: revelled
etiiaf: ratified
eeokcn: reckoned
eeellb: rebelled
eetusl: resulted
eepalc: replaced
eertuo: rerouted
eetolv: revolted
eeeidm: remedied
werraa: rearward
eeertv: reverted
eetacn: recanted
eeetpn: repented
eeeopn: reopened
eetiss: resisted
eeetpa: repeated
eeeilv: relieved
eeylcc: recycled
eerofm: reformed
weeonn: renowned
qeetui: requited
eeerdn: rendered
eeeicv: received
eeiolc: recoiled
eertac: retraced
eruuom: rumoured
eeoadl: reloaded
eeetln: relented
eeifll: refilled
rioaal: railroad
eertun: returned
eepavm: revamped
eeiasl: realised
eeadfc: redfaced
epaagm: rampaged
eettub: rebutted
weooos: rosewood
qeerui: required
eeegvn: revenged
eeeddn: reddened
weerod: reworded
weerad: rewarded
eeadnm: remanded
eertto: retorted
eeoasn: reasoned
eeupsl: repulsed
etiaad: radiated
eeropv: reproved
eeervn: reverend
eetysl: restyled
eeealv: revealed
eeypal: replayed
eeashh: rehashed
eeoklc: relocked
eetokc: rocketed
eeiojn: rejoined
eeiojc: rejoiced
9
eeeripv: reprieved
eeuosfc: refocused
eeuosdn: resounded
eerpash: rephrased
etuianm: ruminated
euishbb: rubbished
eeetagl: relegated
eeetpsc: respected
eeerocv: recovered
eetpaln: replanted
eeeidfn: redefined
eeidkln: rekindled
tiaghhn: righthand
eeopsdn: responded
eeupggl: replugged
eeruass: reassured
eeertiv: retrieved
eeetipc: receipted
eeialcm: reclaimed
eetiisv: revisited
eeettsl: resettled
eetoasn: resonated
eetoalc: relocated
eeruopg: regrouped
eeehkcc: rechecked
eeiagln: realigned
eeocnmm: recommend
wrtiagh: rightward
eetuocn: recounted
eaaskcn: ransacked
eeascnn: rescanned
eertian: retrained
eertipn: reprinted
eeerssd: redressed
eeuiifn: reunified
ioosklc: rocksolid
eeeslbm: resembled
qeeetus: requested
eeiopsm: reimposed
eetiifc: rectified
eerttac: retracted
eertadf: redrafted
weeeigh: reweighed
eeaddhn: redhanded
eeerssg: regressed
eetuohc: retouched
eeerash: rehearsed
euiidlc: ridiculed
eeuodbn: rebounded
eeuoddn: redounded
eettopl: replotted
eeriafn: refrained
eeuocnn: renounced
eeuodlb: redoubled
eeuoghn: roughened
eeisdcn: rescinded
eeippal: reapplied
eeeufll: refuelled
eetuagl: regulated
eeerphn: reprehend
eeetflc: reflected
uioalcn: raincloud
erruaag: rearguard
eetuonm: remounted
eeertac: recreated
eeeaddh: redheaded
eerypas: resprayed
eeerttg: regretted
eetoavn: renovated
eerttas: restarted
eripanm: reprimand
eeertta: retreated
eeruosc: resourced
uoosghh: roughshod
eetipan: repainted
eeraghc: recharged
eertuic: recruited
eeersfh: refreshed
eeerrod: reordered
eertafc: refracted
eeerpss: repressed
eerriam: remarried
10
eeetivnn: reinvented
eeetignm: regimented
ettuiasc: rusticated
eeeocvnn: reconvened
etuiiasl: ritualised
eeertidc: redirected
eeiolccn: reconciled
eeruopdc: reproduced
eeertisg: registered
eetuasdj: readjusted
eeiocbnm: recombined
eeuahlcn: relaunched
eeaalcbn: rebalanced
eeertisn: reinserted
eertupac: recaptured
eertiasn: restrained
eetuopcm: recomputed
weeeaakn: reawakened
eeealllb: relabelled
eeruasfc: resurfaced
eeeassss: reassessed
eeiosgcn: recognised
eeeiahcv: reachieved
eeeerfcn: referenced
eeruisbb: rubberised
eeruisbm: reimbursed
eerraagn: rearranged
eetiaanm: reanimated
eeiassgn: reassigned
eioasdnm: randomised
eeerubnm: renumbered
eetiohcc: ricocheted
eeerttia: reiterated
eeeerbmm: remembered
eeeasscc: reaccessed
eeiafcnn: refinanced
eeriofcn: reinforced
eepaagkc: repackaged
eetuipad: repudiated
eerttisc: restricted
eeioplcm: recompiled
eeetisvn: reinvested
eeooddlb: redblooded
eettiasn: reinstated
eettiadm: readmitted
eeuiopcc: reoccupied
eeuossfc: refocussed
eettiaal: retaliated
etuioahm: rheumatoid
qeeruiac: reacquired
eeropahc: reproached
eeertass: reasserted
eetipalc: replicated
eeriaffm: reaffirmed
eeeetslc: reselected
eeeisdgn: redesigned
eeeodllm: remodelled
eeerashc: researched
eeiiscnm: reminisced
eeeyopdl: redeployed
eeertasm: remastered
eeerppaa: reappeared
eeusffhl: reshuffled
eeroasbb: reabsorbed
11
eeeopscnm: recompensed
eeeasslbm: reassembled
eerioasgn: reorganised
eerippaas: reappraised
eeeeopdlv: redeveloped
eeeiipsfc: respecified
eeetoccnn: reconnected
eeruisfhb: refurbished
eettuialc: reticulated
eetuoslcn: reconsulted
etiadghhn: righthanded
eeerpashn: resharpened
eeuisssdc: rediscussed
eettuisbm: resubmitted
eeuipshlb: republished
eeeopssss: repossessed
eetuoppal: repopulated
eeertuanm: remunerated
eeetiopsd: redeposited
eeeertpsn: represented
eeertocvn: reconverted
eeeoccnmm: recommenced
eertttiof: retrofitted
eeetuajvn: rejuvenated
eeruiasgl: regularised
eettiaacv: reactivated
eetiiaslv: revitalised
eetiaslln: reinstalled
eeetollcc: recollected
eeeusdhlc: rescheduled
eeeodcnmm: recommended
eeertupac: recuperated
eeeertagn: regenerated
eeripadnm: reprimanded
eetioppan: reappointed
eeertopjc: reprojected
eeyipasdl: redisplayed
eeeropssc: reprocessed
eetoaallc: reallocated
eetuiisfj: rejustified
eeeipshln: replenished
eeeriadnm: remaindered
eeertoadc: redecorated
etiidghnm: rightminded
eerttipaa: repatriated
eeerrtusc: resurrected
eerttoafm: reformatted
12
eeerttioan: reorientated
etiioascnm: romanticised
qeeuiishln: relinquished
eettuiassc: resuscitated
eertuialcc: recirculated
eeerrtiafg: refrigerated
eeeerrtavb: reverberated
eetiioopsn: repositioned
eeettioagn: renegotiated
eeeuosdzvn: rendezvoused
eerrttuusc: restructured
eerropagmm: reprogrammed
eetuaallcc: recalculated
eerttoasnm: remonstrated
eertuoaflm: reformulated
etiioaasln: rationalised
eeruiofgcn: reconfigured
eertuiodcn: reintroduced
eeeriosdcn: reconsidered
eertioocnn: reconnoitred
eeiiassflc: reclassified
eeeriosdcv: rediscovered
eertiaacnn: reincarnated
eerttuiagg: regurgitated
eertiopacc: reciprocated
13
eertiioagvn: reinvigorated
eeeerrttipn: reinterpreted
eetttuioscn: reconstituted
eetiiiiasln: reinitialised
eeeetiplnmm: reimplemented
eerttuosccn: reconstructed
qeetuiiiosn: requisitioned
eerttuiisdb: redistributed
eertttiasnm: retransmitted
eettiiaahlb: rehabilitated
eerttiiopan: repartitioned
eetiioodcnn: reconditioned
eertupasbbm: rubberstamped
14
eetuiiooslvn: revolutionised
eeertiiaaslm: rematerialised

re
2
: re
3
y: rye
u: rue
o: roe
4
ac: race
ag: rage
ip: ripe
ak: rake
im: rime
il: rile
av: rave
ic: rice
az: raze
id: ride
if: rife
to: rote
pa: rape
ra: rare
ti: rite
is: rise
ta: rate
ud: rude
om: rome
ol: role
od: rode
ob: robe
us: ruse
ul: rule
un: rune
ov: rove
os: rose
op: rope
5
uos: rouse
agn: range
yhm: rhyme
uog: rogue, rouge
ihn: rhine
ias: raise
tuo: route
ifl: rifle
idg: ridge
euv: revue
eup: rupee
eus: reuse
isn: rinse
6
eadm: remade
albm: ramble
eegn: renege
eilv: relive, revile
eedc: recede
iddl: riddle
albb: rabble
etic: recite
eusc: rescue
aagv: ravage
erti: retire
etom: remote
eusf: refuse
akln: rankle
eudc: reduce
eufg: refuge
eisz: resize
eusm: resume
iffl: riffle
easl: resale
eanm: rename
quis: risque
eops: repose
tusl: rustle
eifl: refile
etab: rebate
etal: relate
eerv: revere
etak: retake
eipc: recipe
iavn: ravine
eovm: remove
eagg: reggae
eifn: refine
eodn: redone
eukb: rebuke
uplm: rumple
eodc: recode
eipn: repine
etuf: refute
eagl: regale
uolb: rouble
affl: raffle
ulbb: rubble
etup: repute
uffl: ruffle
eivv: revive
ttoa: rotate
ttal: rattle
eisv: revise
ippl: ripple
ipan: rapine
eisd: reside
eokv: revoke
etyp: retype
eigm: regime
etun: retune
weri: rewire
eakm: remake
ulbm: rumble
7
eeasl: release
uagmm: rummage
qetui: requite
iislb: risible
eetpl: replete
eersv: reserve, reverse
eeufg: refugee
eylcc: recycle
eeicv: receive
euiss: reissue
rtupa: rapture
epalc: replace
euosh: rehouse
tiaad: radiate
eiojc: rejoice
euisd: residue
eeriv: reverie
epash: reshape
oacnm: romance
eropv: reprove
epasl: relapse
ertuo: reroute
tiagm: ragtime
tuion: routine
ettil: retitle
etipl: reptile
werti: rewrite
werto: rewrote
eeuvn: revenue
eualv: revalue
rtuup: rupture
easlc: rescale
tiops: riposte
eiasl: realise
etuin: retinue, reunite
tiakl: ratlike
ettas: restate
iohzm: rhizome
eilcn: recline
etisv: restive
qerui: require
ertos: restore
eolvv: revolve
etpad: redtape
eeilv: relieve
eegvn: revenge
eeerf: referee
eoslv: resolve
uiogh: roughie
iagcb: ribcage
erips: reprise, respire
eupsl: repulse
iossl: rissole
etips: respite
ettos: rosette
euslc: recluse
erosm: remorse
rtaac: ratrace
paagm: rampage
eerti: retiree
ertac: retrace
8
eeslbm: resemble
etuosl: resolute
eriivn: riverine
eeidfn: redefine
etuilc: reticule
eaadlb: readable
ioasdd: roadside
tooamm: roommate
etialv: relative
eiafll: reallife
eialcn: reliance
etoavn: renovate
eertiv: retrieve
iisdgn: ringside
etuagl: regulate
eertpa: repartee
eettsl: resettle
iaddcn: riddance
uoaggh: roughage
ualbnn: runnable
erpash: rephrase
eetagl: regelate, relegate
eruass: reassure
ettuol: roulette
uiidlc: ridicule
etoasn: resonate
eidkln: rekindle
eraghc: recharge
etoalc: relocate
eeillv: reveille
etiacv: reactive
eiopsm: reimpose
euoplc: recouple
euodlb: redouble
eruosc: recourse, resource
ioosbm: ribosome
iaadcn: radiance
euocnn: renounce
euaslb: reusable
eopssn: response
tuianm: ruminate
etohlc: reclothe
eeadgn: renegade
eiidgc: regicide
euassm: reassume
eeerfz: refreeze
eertac: recreate
eerash: rehearse
eiallb: reliable
eeripv: reprieve
9
eruisbm: reimburse
ertupac: recapture
eypaalb: repayable
ioasdnm: randomise
etuidcv: reductive
eiosgcn: recognise
eettivn: retentive
eruasfc: resurface
ttuiasc: rusticate
ettiaal: retaliate
euipslv: repulsive
etiissv: resistive
eyaaddm: readymade
eriisdv: riverside
eeisdcn: residence
eetipcv: receptive
eeisscv: recessive
eeerfcn: reference
eeercvn: reverence
ertyadh: rehydrate
eoascnn: resonance
eioplcm: recompile
etipalc: replicate
etuopcm: recompute
eiafcnn: refinance
eaahlcb: reachable
weealbn: renewable
euislcv: reclusive
erraagn: rearrange
eeocvnn: reconvene
eeraflb: referable
etaglcn: rectangle
eruopdc: reproduce
ttoaalb: rotatable
eiocbnm: recombine
tioaaln: rationale
etuipad: repudiate
epaagkc: repackage
eeticcn: reticence
eriofcn: reinforce
qetuiis: requisite
eroashc: racehorse
ettuidc: rectitude
eruiscv: recursive
eiaslvb: revisable
uooasdh: roadhouse
rioaglm: rigmarole
euidlcb: reducible
tiiaadv: radiative
ettiasn: reinstate
etuaflb: refutable
eerttia: reiterate
eusffhl: reshuffle
ertopab: reprobate
eoalcvb: revocable
eoalvbm: removable
eeiflxv: reflexive
ertopag: reportage
eiolccn: reconcile
eiiscnm: reminisce
etiodcn: recondite
eealcvn: relevance
etupalb: reputable
10
eripaalb: repairable
eeaallvb: revealable
etioshnn: rhinestone
ettiiacv: recitative
erriaagm: remarriage
eeertagn: regenerate
eetipscv: respective
eettiipv: repetitive
eraaklbm: remarkable
eerruccn: recurrence
eeialcvb: receivable
eerislvb: reversible
erupashc: repurchase
weiadlbn: rewindable
eertupac: recuperate
eoasllvb: resolvable
eeaasllb: releasable
etiisslb: resistible
eertuanm: remunerate
weeialvb: reviewable
etiiaslv: revitalise
eeripssv: repressive
eetpaalb: repeatable
tuiiavnm: ruminative
eetipdvm: redemptive
eipallcb: replicable
eerrtiop: repertoire
eetpacnn: repentance
eruoascc: racecourse
eettaslb: resettable
eiaflllb: refillable
eetiflcv: reflective
eiaasllb: realisable
etuiaglv: regulative
eerissgv: regressive
ertopalb: reportable
eruiasgl: regularise
eerusgcn: resurgence
etualccn: reluctance
uuoosdhn: roundhouse
wertialb: rewritable
etiasscn: resistance
euadflbn: refundable
ertualbn: returnable
eeeadlbm: redeemable
erttipaa: repatriate
eoaaslbn: reasonable
eeiislcn: resilience
eroadlcb: recordable
eyallccb: recyclable
eeopscnm: recompense
eeasslbm: reassemble
eupagcnn: repugnance
etoaallc: reallocate
ettiaacv: reactivate
ettiacnm: remittance
eetpalcc: receptacle
ettualbb: rebuttable
errtoadg: retrograde
erioasgn: reorganise
etuoppal: repopulate
aashklcm: ramshackle
eeusdhlc: reschedule
eiopssvn: responsive
ertiafcv: refractive
eroaflbm: reformable
eeoccnmm: recommence
eetuajvn: rejuvenate
eeiadlbm: remediable
11
eeroalcvb: recoverable
ertioocnn: reconnoitre
etuaallcc: recalculate
erttaalcb: retractable
ertuialcc: recirculate
ertuiodcn: reintroduce
erttioacv: retroactive
eiaasscnn: renaissance
eetaflccn: reflectance
ertiaalcb: recalibrate
eepaallcb: replaceable
erttuiivb: retributive
ttuioaall: ratatouille
ertiaacnn: reincarnate
erttoasnm: remonstrate
erttuiagg: regurgitate
eruaasscn: reassurance
erttaaslb: restartable
ertuoaflm: reformulate
ettuiassc: resuscitate
errttuusc: restructure
ertiopacc: reciprocate
eeerrtavb: reverberate
eerrtiafg: refrigerate
tiioaadcv: radioactive
erttioasv: restorative
eruiofgcn: reconfigure
erttiiscv: restrictive
erropagmm: reprogramme
ertiasglb: registrable
tiioaasln: rationalise
eeaslcbnm: resemblance
ertioafvm: reformative
ettaaskln: rattlesnake
eertialvb: retrievable
etiiaflcb: rectifiable
ertiiacnm: recriminate
eiaallcbm: reclaimable
eerasfhlb: refreshable
etoaallcb: relocatable
eetpaslcb: respectable
eerttaglb: regrettable
eruiascnn: reinsurance
etuoadlbb: redoubtable
eettioagn: renegotiate
eeracbnmm: remembrance
eiopsslbn: responsible
12
etttuuissb: resubstitute
eerppaaacn: reappearance
erttuiocbn: recontribute
eertuiavnm: remunerative
uiioaddlcn: radionuclide
ertoascnnm: remonstrance
etttuioscn: reconstitute
eeiisccnnm: reminiscence
ettuipaalc: recapitulate
eruiopdlcb: reproducible
etuopalcbm: recomputable
eeraaghlcb: rechargeable
eioallccbn: reconcilable
erttuiisdb: redistribute
eioasglcbn: recognisable
ertiioagvn: reinvigorate
etiiiiasln: reinitialise
eeertiagvn: regenerative
ertuiopdcv: reproductive
eertuipacv: recuperative
ettiiaahlb: rehabilitate
13
eerttiopscv: retrospective
etuiiooslvn: revolutionise
eeertpaslbn: representable
eeeripshlbn: reprehensible
eeoadlcbnmm: recommendable
eerrtiossgv: retrogressive
ertiaalcccn: recalcitrance
14
eeerttipasvn: representative
eruioafglcbn: reconfigurable
erropaaglbmm: reprogrammable
erttuiiisdvb: redistributive
eioaassccnnn: reconnaissance
15
erttuiiasdlbb: redistributable

rf
9
rtuoops: rustproof
3
e: ref
4
ee: reef
oo: roof
uf: ruff
if: riff
6
iopf: ripoff
eeil: relief
eufb: rebuff
7
eroop: reproof

rg
3
a: rag
i: rig
u: rug
4
in: ring
un: rung
an: rang
6
uiln: ruling
iavn: raving
iiln: riling
iakn: raking
ipan: raping
wion: rowing
iacn: racing
iopn: roping
tian: rating
iagn: raging
eupl: replug
iovn: roving
iazn: razing
iisn: rising
iipn: riping
iidn: riding
iasn: rasing
rian: raring
aagb: ragbag
7
eeikn: reeking
ioanm: roaming
uiinn: ruining
iisnn: rinsing
iiggn: rigging
uishn: rushing
iippn: ripping
iakcn: racking
iobbn: robbing
tiann: ranting
iokcn: rocking
ipanm: ramping
tuisn: rusting
tiifn: rifting
etisn: resting
iiann: raining
eyiln: relying
rioan: roaring
iiddn: ridding
iibbn: ribbing
uinnn: running
eiinn: reining
euisn: reusing
iignn: ringing
iifln: rifling
ttion: rotting
yihnm: rhyming
ioofn: roofing
iiskn: risking
iiadn: raiding
iiasn: raising
tiion: rioting
uibbn: rubbing
eidnn: rending
iialn: railing
eiodn: redoing
iagnn: ranging
tioon: rooting
uiosn: rousing
ianmm: ramming
eiadn: reading
ippan: rapping
tuion: routing
eeifn: reefing
eivvn: revving
iaknn: ranking
eeiln: reeling
ipasn: rasping
iopnm: romping
iikcn: ricking
etinn: renting
erian: rearing
iolln: rolling
eipan: reaping
tiafn: rafting
8
euikbn: rebuking
eiavnn: ravening
eruicn: recuring
uiplnm: rumpling
uiodnn: rounding
etihcn: retching
etiicn: reciting
tiighn: righting
etuinn: retuning
euisnm: resuming
etialn: relating
eiisdn: residing
eeignn: reneging
etuifn: refuting
weriin: rewiring
rioazn: razoring
euidcn: reducing
iaklnn: rankling
uiffln: ruffling
ertyin: retrying
iioadn: radioing
eiifnn: refining
eiagln: regaling
eiignn: reigning
eialxn: relaxing
tioasn: roasting
etiivn: riveting
eiahcn: reaching
tioosn: roosting
euiscn: rescuing
ttioan: rotating
etiacn: reacting
tuisln: rustling
eiaknm: remaking
iiddln: riddling
eeidcn: receding
uilbnm: rumbling
eiannm: renaming
eiilvn: reliving, reviling
eyialn: relaying
ialbnm: rambling
eiisvn: revising
uioghn: roughing
etiakn: retaking
eiifln: refiling
eiivvn: reviving
eiokvn: revoking
erianm: rearming
eiopsn: reposing
weeinn: renewing
yialln: rallying
eiiszn: resizing
etyipn: retyping
eerivn: revering
eyiadn: readying
eiodcn: recoding
ttialn: rattling
eyipln: replying
eiovnm: removing
eiipnn: repining, ripening
iaagvn: ravaging
ertiin: retiring
euisfn: refusing
iippln: rippling
etiisn: resiting
etuion: routeing
eyipan: repaying
iahcnn: ranching
9
eriadgn: regarding, regrading
eioslvn: resolving
eyilccn: recycling
ettuibn: rebutting
eeigvnn: revenging
euipsln: repulsing
etiokcn: rocketing
eyipaln: replaying
tiioann: rationing
eetipnn: repenting
ertiadn: retarding
eiidnnm: reminding
ettiiln: retitling
eriodcn: recording
eeiicvn: receiving
ioacnnm: romancing
eeiopnn: reopening
eriipan: repairing
euidfnn: refunding
eioasnn: reasoning
eipakcn: repacking
eiashhn: rehashing
eriaknm: remarking
erruicn: recurring
eipasln: relapsing
uiagnmm: rummaging
euiflxn: refluxing
tiiaadn: radiating
etiolvn: revolting
tiiabbn: rabbiting
eetisnn: resenting
eeyidnm: remedying
eiaslcn: rescaling
eeiasln: releasing
eeislln: reselling
etuisln: resulting
weioshn: reshowing
eeriahn: rehearing
ettiifn: refitting
ettiinm: remitting
eiiasln: realising
eipavnm: revamping
ipaagnm: rampaging
eeillvn: revelling
eiiojnn: rejoining
eetilnn: relenting
eiishln: relishing
eiallvn: ravelling
eerrifn: referring
etuiinn: reuniting
eeiddnn: reddening
weriokn: reworking
etiissn: resisting
eeialvn: revealing
eriofnm: reforming
eiallcn: recalling
rtuuipn: rupturing
eeipaln: repealing
ertiosn: resorting, restoring, rostering
euiffbn: rebuffing
eruinnn: rerunning
ertuion: rerouting
eeiilvn: relieving
eiiolcn: recoiling
eettisn: resetting, retesting
eetilln: retelling
eipalcn: replacing
weriadn: redrawing, rewarding
etiacnn: recanting
weeiivn: reviewing
eertivn: reverting
eiilcnn: reclining
eiokcnn: reckoning
ertuinn: returning
ioasnnm: ransoming
eeeisdn: reseeding
eiodfln: refolding
ertiopn: reporting
weiidnn: rewinding
eetijcn: rejecting
eetiahn: reheating
ettiasn: restating
eipashn: reshaping
tyiiafn: ratifying
etiiann: retaining
eioadln: reloading
ertiacn: retracing
euiissn: reissuing
eeridnn: rendering
eeisdnn: resending
iiashvn: ravishing
eeeidnm: redeeming
erttion: retorting
wertiin: rewriting
eeriadn: rereading
eiiflln: refilling
eiiojcn: rejoicing
eiiklnn: relinking
euioshn: rehousing
qeruiin: requiring
iiallvn: rivalling
eiisgnn: resigning
etiascn: recasting
eetipan: repeating
eeiplln: repelling
eerisvn: reserving, reversing
weriodn: rewording
eiolvvn: revolving
euiopcn: recouping
eiiagnn: regaining
wtiighn: rightwing
eiiannm: remaining
etiialn: retailing
eeillbn: rebelling
10
eetiagln: relegating
eruiassn: reassuring
etioavnn: renovating
ertiiann: retraining
euiodbnn: rebounding
eeripssn: repressing
ertiipnn: reprinting
eetipscn: respecting
ertuiicn: recruiting
etioasnn: resonating
eertiacn: recreating
eeriocvn: recovering
iiokllcn: rollicking
etiiisvn: revisiting
euiosfcn: refocusing
eiiaglnn: realigning
eiialcnm: reclaiming
eerissdn: redressing
eipalnnn: replanning
erttiacn: retracting
eetiflcn: reflecting
euiosdnn: resounding
etiahcnm: rematching
etuiagln: regulating
eiascnnn: rescanning
erioofln: reflooring
qeetuisn: requesting
eeriashn: rehearsing
eiiadlln: redialling
etiipann: repainting
euipggln: replugging
etyiifcn: rectifying
iaaskcnn: ransacking
ertiadfn: redrafting
erttiasn: restarting
tuiiannm: ruminating
eeihkccn: rechecking
eiisdcnn: rescinding
etiighln: relighting
eerriodn: reordering
eriiafnn: refraining
ertiiosn: roistering
eeuiflln: refuelling
eiopsdnn: responding
eriaghcn: recharging
eruioscn: resourcing
etiihknn: rethinking
eerissgn: regressing
uiiidlcn: ridiculing
euiodlbn: redoubling
euiocnnn: renouncing
eerialnn: relearning
eerttign: regretting
eerttian: retreating
eripashn: rephrasing
ertiafcn: refracting
euiidlbn: rebuilding
etipalnn: replanting
eertuion: rerouteing
eruiopgn: regrouping
eeeerifn: refereeing
eettisln: resettling
etioskcn: restocking
eeislbnm: resembling
eeiidfnn: redefining
etuiocnn: recounting
eerisfhn: refreshing
eertiivn: retrieving
uiishbbn: rubbishing
euiassnm: reassuming
eyippaln: reapplying
etioalcn: relocating
etuiohcn: retouching
11
eeriashcn: researching
eiiiscnnm: reminiscing
eiiosgcnn: recognising
eeerifcnn: referencing
weeiaaknn: reawakening
eriiofcnn: reinforcing
eerippaan: reappearing
eiioplcnm: recompiling
eriiaffnm: reaffirming
eeeribnmm: remembering
euisffhln: reshuffling
eyuiopccn: reoccupying
eyiiifvvn: revivifying
eertiidcn: redirecting
etiipalcn: replicating
eeyiopdln: redeploying
eriopahcn: reproaching
erriaagnn: rearranging
etuiasdjn: readjusting
eeruibnnm: renumbering
iioasdnnm: randomising
eruiopdcn: reproducing
eetiivnnn: reinventing
eeiisdgnn: redesigning
eeialllbn: relabelling
eiiolccnn: reconciling
eertiisgn: registering
erttiiscn: restricting
ettiiasnn: reinstating
eeiodllnm: remodelling
eruiasfcn: resurfacing
ertuipacn: recapturing
eeiocvnnn: reconvening
ettiiaaln: retaliating
eerttiian: reiterating
eertiasnm: remastering
etuiopcnm: recomputing
euiahlcnn: relaunching
etiiohccn: ricocheting
ertiiasnn: restraining
euiossfcn: refocussing
eiiocbnnm: recombining
eiiassgnn: reassigning
etiiaannm: reanimating
ertiiopnm: reimporting
eertiassn: reasserting
eiiafcnnn: refinancing
eruiisbnm: reimbursing
etuiipadn: repudiating
12
eertuipacn: recuperating
etuioslcnn: reconsulting
eetioccnnn: reconnecting
eeioccnnmm: recommencing
euiipshlbn: republishing
etiiasllnn: reinstalling
eriioasgnn: reorganising
eeiasslbnm: reassembling
eeertiagnn: regenerating
eeiopssssn: repossessing
eeiodcnnmm: recommending
eriipadnnm: reprimanding
eeiipshlnn: replenishing
ettiiaacvn: reactivating
eetuiajvnn: rejuvenating
eertioadcn: redecorating
eeriopsscn: reprocessing
eeriiadnnm: remaindering
eetiollccn: recollecting
erttiipaan: repatriating
eeeiopdlvn: redeveloping
eerrtuiscn: resurrecting
eeripashnn: resharpening
etioaallcn: reallocating
eeuisdhlcn: rescheduling
eeertiakcn: racketeering
ettuiisbnm: resubmitting
etiiiaslvn: revitalising
erttioafnm: reformatting
ertttiiofn: retrofitting
eriippaasn: reappraising
eeertipsnn: representing
eruiisfhbn: refurbishing
13
ertiiaalcbn: recalibrating
eyiiassflcn: reclassifying
ertiioocnnn: reconnoitring
ertiiopaccn: reciprocating
ertuiialccn: recirculating
ertiiaacnnn: reincarnating
qetuiiaacnn: reacquainting
qeuiiishlnn: relinquishing
ttiiighhknn: rightthinking
erttuiiaggn: regurgitating
tiiioascnnm: romanticising
eettiioagnn: renegotiating
erriopagnmm: reprogramming
eeriiosdcnn: reconsidering
eeerrtiavbn: reverberating
errttuuiscn: restructuring
erttioasnnm: remonstrating
ertioasklln: rollerskating
eeriiosdcvn: rediscovering
ertuiiodcnn: reintroducing
eruiiofgcnn: reconfiguring
tiiioaaslnn: rationalising
ettuiiasscn: resuscitating
ertuioaflnm: reformulating
etiiioopsnn: repositioning
14
etiiioodcnnn: reconditioning
qetuiiiiosnn: requisitioning
eeerrttiipnn: reinterpreting
ertuipasbbnm: rubberstamping
eeetiiplnnmm: reimplementing
ettiiiaahlbn: rehabilitating
etttuiioscnn: reconstituting
ertttiiasnnm: retransmitting
eerrioadkcbn: recordbreaking
etiiiiiaslnn: reinitialising
erttuiosccnn: reconstructing
erttuiiisdbn: redistributing
erttiiiopann: repartitioning
15
eiiioosscnnmm: recommissioning
etuiiiooslvnn: revolutionising

ra
3
i: ria
4
to: rota
eh: rhea
5
ubm: rumba
ees: resea
6
etin: retina
uiss: russia
eesd: redsea
uadn: ruanda
wadn: rwanda
eign: regina
iaff: raffia
7
tuodn: rotunda
ettag: regatta
eriiv: riviera
eiagl: regalia
ishkc: ricksha
eiplc: replica
eullb: rubella
etisn: retsina
uianm: rumania
8
eiosdh: rhodesia
9
eeerdfn: referenda

rb
8
eroasb: reabsorb
3
i: rib
u: rub
o: rob
7
ruahb: rhubarb

rc
3
o: roc
5
eil: relic
6
tuis: rustic
ruib: rubric
7
iohbm: rhombic
tioob: robotic
8
tyihhm: rhythmic
ertioh: rhetoric
tioanm: romantic
euiplb: republic
9
etuiahm: rheumatic
etiiasl: realistic
iopasdh: rhapsodic
11
ttuiiiasl: ritualistic
ertiioadm: radiometric
euiiolcbn: ribonucleic
12
ettiiiaslv: relativistic
riiopaadgh: radiographic
13
ttiiioaasln: rationalistic

rl
4
ia: rail, rial
ee: reel
ol: roll
ea: real
il: rill
5
iav: rival
rua: rural
ean: renal
eev: revel
eep: repel
eag: regal
yoa: royal
eav: ravel
eeb: rebel
6
eeuf: refuel
euuf: rueful
eeav: reveal
iaac: racial
erta: retral
iaad: radial
eomm: rommel
eepa: repeal
eioc: recoil
etia: retail
tuia: ritual
eifl: refill
ealc: recall
eetl: retell
etac: rectal
aasc: rascal
eiad: redial
etan: rental
eesl: resell
7
weean: renewal
ertia: retrial
eeodm: remodel
etiac: recital
etian: retinal
eiasv: revisal
eealb: relabel
eiavv: revival
eoavm: removal
euodn: roundel
euasf: refusal
iaadc: radical
etusf: restful
uoofm: roomful
8
eruiab: reburial
eoadvn: rondavel
qetuia: requital
eerasv: reversal
eioagn: regional
eripas: reprisal
ettuab: rebuttal
tuifgh: rightful
iaafln: rainfall
ettiam: remittal
eeiadm: remedial
eiasgn: resignal
eerraf: referral
oafklc: rockfall
euiasd: residual
tioaan: rational
oalllc: rollcall
9
eeraash: rehearsal
eertiav: retrieval
iooasbm: ribosomal
etiasln: reinstall
eetusfn: resentful
eertufg: regretful
10
eetiagnm: regimental
ertioahc: rhetorical
eeeufgvn: revengeful
tyiahhcm: rhythmical
ttiooaan: rotational
etioaaln: relational
eetupsfc: respectful
eeruosfm: remorseful
eriopacc: reciprocal
11
eeertiafn: referential
eruopafhc: reproachful
iopaasdhc: rhapsodical
eiooaghlc: rheological
eeertiavn: reverential
eeruuosfc: resourceful
eetiiasdn: residential
erippaaas: reappraisal
eeioasscn: recessional
12
iiooaadglc: radiological
eetioaflcn: reflectional
etuiofhlnm: runofthemill
eertioaacn: recreational
16
eeerttiopaasnn: representational
17
rtiioooaaasdcnm: radioastronomical

rm
3
a: ram
i: rim
e: rem
u: rum
o: rom
4
oo: room
ea: ream
oa: roam
5
eal: realm
era: rearm
6
uiad: radium
oadn: random
etuc: rectum
oasn: ransom
iasc: racism
eeed: redeem
tyhh: rhythm
erof: reform
7
uiodh: rhodium
qeeui: requiem
rtuos: rostrum
eiasl: realism
eialc: reclaim
euihn: rhenium
8
ertoos: restroom
uuiidb: rubidium
eriaff: reaffirm
euuisd: residuum
wyiosd: rowdyism
wriogn: ringworm
9
rioaadg: radiogram
etuuilc: reticulum
rtioasn: rainstorm
erropag: reprogram
iiaaslc: racialism
10
eeerudfn: referendum
etiiaslv: relativism
eiiisdcv: recidivism
ttoookcb: rockbottom
etuiashm: rheumatism
eiiaslvv: revivalism
iiaasdlc: radicalism
11
eiiiossvn: revisionism
tiioaasln: rationalism
eiioasgln: regionalism
tiioascnm: romanticism
12
etuiiosdcn: reductionism
13
euiipaslcbn: republicanism

rn
3
a: ran
u: run
4
ia: rain
ui: ruin
ei: rein
oa: roan
5
eum: rumen
eru: rerun
eis: resin, risen
oad: radon
eip: ripen
oam: roman
eiv: riven
ios: rosin
yoa: rayon
era: reran
eig: reign
eih: rhein
iob: robin
eav: raven
6
eisg: resign
eidd: ridden
etto: rotten
eokc: reckon
weon: renown
eeop: reopen
easc: rescan
iaad: radian
erob: reborn
etia: retain
eiam: remain
ooac: racoon
eoas: reason
tioa: ration
eedd: redden
eioj: rejoin
ertu: return
eiog: region
eiag: regain
iobb: ribbon
iias: raisin
7
etigh: righten
euogh: roughen
werad: redrawn
eeral: relearn
ooacc: raccoon
eetak: retaken
uiocb: rubicon
tuioc: ruction
eeigm: regimen
eriaf: refrain
eiagl: realign
wuodn: rundown
uiaff: ruffian
uiass: russian
taafm: raftman
ertia: retrain
euion: reunion
8
eeiflm: riflemen
ertias: restrain
eiassg: reassign
ttiooa: rotation
eiiosv: revision
weeaak: reawaken
eeisdg: redesign
taasfm: raftsman
etioal: relation
eiaflm: rifleman
etioac: reaction
eiiogl: religion
eetogn: roentgen
9
eeioscn: recension
eeiollb: rebellion
tuiioan: ruination
eeriosv: reversion
etioadc: redaction
etioafl: reflation
euioslv: revulsion
eerpash: resharpen
etuiodc: reduction
euiopsl: repulsion
eeioflx: reflexion
weertti: rewritten
tiioaad: radiation
eruiosc: recursion
etiipal: reptilian
etiiodn: rendition
eetiopc: reception
eetiojc: rejection
eiiossm: remission
eettion: retention
eeiossc: recession
eripaam: repairman
10
tuiioanm: rumination
eetioflc: reflection
etuiopsm: resumption
eetioagl: relegation
ertioafc: refraction
eetiopdm: redemption
ettuiopa: reputation
etiooacv: revocation
weyiaalm: railwaymen
eettiiop: repetition
euipalcb: republican
etioaalx: relaxation
iioaflvb: riboflavin
eertioac: recreation
erttioac: retraction
etiooavn: renovation
wyiaaalm: railwayman
erooadfg: roofgarden
etuioagl: regulation
eeriossg: regression
ettiioac: recitation
uiaaffgm: ragamuffin
ettuioaf: refutation
etiooalc: relocation
ertiopaa: reparation
eetioalv: revelation
etiioops: reposition
eeriopss: repression
etuioolv: revolution
etuioosl: resolution
11
etuiiopad: repudiation
eiioassdm: readmission
ertiioahc: rhetorician
etiiioafc: reification
erttioaad: retardation
etuioaalv: revaluation
eetiiofcn: reinfection
etttuiios: restitution
etiioaasl: realisation
riooaadcb: radiocarbon
qetuiiios: requisition
eertiiodc: redirection
erttiiosc: restriction
etiioasgn: resignation
ertiiopas: respiration
erttuiiob: retribution
eetiiovnn: reinvention
erttiooas: restoration
etiioogcn: recognition
eerttiioa: reiteration
eertioasv: reservation
eertioass: reassertion
eeetioslc: reselection
ertioaafc: rarefaction
etioaalcm: reclamation
ettioaacn: recantation
etiiopalc: replication
ertiooafm: reformation
erttiiopa: repartition
ettiioaal: retaliation
12
ettiioaacv: reactivation
eertuiopac: recuperation
ttiiioaafc: ratification
eetiioaddc: rededication
eetiooccnn: reconnection
eertuioanm: remuneration
ertioopasb: reabsorption
eetuioajvn: rejuvenation
eetiiiodfn: redefinition
etiooaallc: reallocation
eetiioopsd: redeposition
eeriooscvn: reconversion
ettuiioalc: reticulation
eeioopssss: repossession
erooodddhn: rhododendron
erttiiopaa: repatriation
etuiioacnn: renunciation
tiiioaafcm: ramification
eeruiopssc: repercussion
eetioollcc: recollection
eertiooadc: redecoration
eerrtuiosc: resurrection
erttiioasg: registration
ertuioopdc: reproduction
etuioopacc: reoccupation
eeertioagn: regeneration
euiiosssbm: resubmission
13
ertuiooaflm: reformulation
eerttioopsc: retrospection
ertuiioalcc: recirculation
ertiioopacc: reciprocation
erttuiioagg: regurgitation
eeerrtioavb: reverberation
ertiioaaffm: reaffirmation
ttiiiooaacn: ratiocination
etuiiioafcn: reunification
ertiioaalcb: recalibration
tiiooaasdnm: randomisation
eettiioagnm: regimentation
etiioopalcm: recompilation
qetuiiioasc: reacquisition
ettuiioassc: resuscitation
etuioaallcc: recalculation
ertiiioacnm: recrimination
etuiiopalcb: republication
eertioaadlc: redeclaration
eerttiooasf: reforestation
eerttiioagn: reintegration
etiiooacbnm: recombination
erttiooasnm: remonstration
ettiiioafcc: rectification
eerrtiioafg: refrigeration
eettiiooagn: renegotiation
ertiioaacnn: reincarnation
eerttiiooan: reorientation
14
erttuiioodcn: reintroduction
ertuiioaasgl: regularisation
ettuiiopaalc: recapitulation
etiiiooalccn: reconciliation
erttuioosccn: reconstruction
ertiioasssnm: retransmission
eeerttiopasn: representation
etttuiiooscn: reconstitution
eerrttiioasg: reregistration
erttuiiiosdb: redistribution
ettiiioaaslv: revitalisation
eetiooadcnmm: recommendation
ettiiioaahlb: rehabilitation
ertiiooaasgn: reorganisation
15
ttiiiooaaasln: rationalisation
ertuiiooafgcn: reconfiguration
etiiiooaasgln: regionalisation
eertiiooasdcn: reconsideration
eettiiioasgvn: reinvestigation
ertiiooaaslnm: renormalisation
eerttiooaasff: reafforestation
16
eeettiiopalnmm: reimplementation
ettiiiopaaaslc: recapitalisation
etiiioaassflcc: reclassification
ettiiiiioaasln: reinitialisation
eeerrtttiiopan: reinterpretation
17
erttyiioaassllc: recrystallisation

ro
3
h: rho
o: roo
4
ed: redo
5
ert: retro
eod: rodeo
iad: radio
etc: recto
ihn: rhino
tia: ratio
6
oocc: rococo
tial: rialto
7
ttios: risotto

rh
4
as: rash
tu: ruth
ic: rich
us: rush
5
oac: roach
eac: reach
acn: ranch
aaj: rajah
etc: retch
eic: reich
uog: rough
6
iask: rakish
eisl: relish
eash: rehash
iasv: ravish
iasd: radish
7
eersf: refresh
ertib: rebirth
etuoc: retouch
etacm: rematch
eisdd: reddish
uisbb: rubbish
uiosg: roguish
8
uiosdn: roundish
eertcn: retrench
eiisfn: refinish
eerasc: research
euossb: rosebush
eualcn: relaunch
wertog: regrowth
eropac: reproach
9
eruisfb: refurbish
euipslb: republish
eeipsln: replenish
10
riopaadg: radiograph
qeuiisln: relinquish

ri
4
an: rani
5
iad: radii
abb: rabbi
7
ioalv: ravioli

rj
3
a: raj

rk
4
oo: rook
ac: rack
ee: reek
is: risk
oc: rock
us: rusk
an: rank
in: rink
ic: rick
uc: ruck
6
eram: remark
eoob: rebook
eiln: relink
etoo: retook
epac: repack
wero: rework
7
eehcc: recheck
euocb: roebuck
etihn: rethink
eedcn: redneck
etosc: restock
aascn: ransack
8
euoolb: rulebook
uaskcc: rucksack
9
ertaacc: racetrack
ooadlcb: roadblock
11
etiiopall: realpolitik
13
etuoodhlccn: roundtheclock

xn
5
eon: xenon

xc
10
eioophbn: xenophobic

xa
10
eioophbn: xenophobia
5
osh: xhosa

xg
7
ryian: xraying

xd
6
erya: xrayed

xe
9
eoophbn: xenophobe
yoophln: xylophone

xy
10
erropagh: xerography
4
ra: xray

xs
4
am: xmas
5
rya: xrays
6
oash: xhosas

xt
11
yioopshln: xylophonist

wy
3
a: way
h: why
r: wry
4
eh: whey
il: wily
av: wavy
ax: waxy
ri: wiry
ra: wary
5
aln: wanly
ood: woody
ryl: wryly
rta: warty
ell: welly
ebb: webby
ool: wooly
rro: worry
rod: wordy
eep: weepy
ipm: wimpy
idn: windy
ips: wispy
tti: witty
een: weeny
era: weary
akc: wacky
eed: weedy
ash: washy
etl: wetly
rom: wormy
6
errh: wherry
rtin: wintry
eidl: widely
eisl: wisely
erta: watery
erin: winery
ialv: wavily
eehz: wheezy
ipph: whippy
ohll: wholly
olbb: wobbly
ralm: warmly
eifl: wifely
ooll: woolly
rtoh: worthy
ishm: whimsy
rial: warily
ishk: whisky
aggl: waggly
eakl: weakly
ihnn: whinny
eekl: weekly
idll: wildly
7
etigh: weighty
roadk: workday
wioll: willowy
eishk: whiskey
aallb: wallaby
eeadk: weekday
ttiil: wittily
oalnm: womanly
eragg: waggery
eridl: weirdly
etahl: wealthy
riggl: wriggly
roshk: workshy
aasdh: washday
rogln: wrongly
iidln: windily
rikln: wrinkly
eerhb: whereby
etihl: whitely
ertin: wintery
waakl: walkway
erial: wearily
rodll: worldly
8
eidklc: wickedly
rtiohl: worthily
eertsl: westerly
ropadl: wordplay
rrtaan: warranty
eoodln: woodenly
toalnn: wantonly
euofll: woefully
wertaa: waterway
eropan: weaponry
erishk: whiskery
uiflll: wilfully
rriadz: wizardry
eeasll: weaselly
ertihc: witchery
roaadk: workaday
9
etiighl: weightily
iiglnnn: winningly
ipasshl: waspishly
iasgghl: waggishly
tuisfll: wistfully
uisfhll: wishfully
wryaadl: waywardly
erriodl: worriedly
ttiigln: wittingly
iigllln: willingly
iosfhll: wolfishly
riaglnn: warningly
10
etuasfll: wastefully
tuafhllc: watchfully
yiilllln: willynilly
rryiogln: worryingly
rtuafhll: wrathfully
eryiagln: wearyingly
ruofglln: wrongfully
wyiasshh: wishywashy
ruoosdln: wondrously
eertdhlc: wretchedly
erossdll: wordlessly
11
iiashllcm: whimsically
eriodglnn: wonderingly
ertiighln: witheringly
eeooshllm: wholesomely
rtiioaklb: workability
eruodflln: wonderfully
12
eetissghll: weightlessly
14
eeertoadhhll: wholeheartedly

wx
3
a: wax

kc
9
etiianm: kinematic
12
etiopaalnm: kleptomaniac
13
eiioopasdlc: kaleidoscopic
7
etiin: kinetic

kb
4
on: knob
er: kerb
5
eab: kebab

ka
4
in: kina
5
ero: korea
ram: karma
oal: koala
eyn: kenya
6
wahc: kwacha
7
paalm: kampala
8
iasshn: kinshasa
10
rruooakb: kookaburra
11
etiopalnm: kleptomania

kg
3
e: keg
4
in: king
6
eyin: keying
tiab: kitbag
7
eryin: keyring
ttiin: kitting
wionn: knowing
eeinn: keening
iikcn: kicking
opanm: kampong
iilln: killing
eeiln: keeling
iifnn: knifing
eeipn: keeping
erinn: kerning
iiddn: kidding
iissn: kissing
8
eiadnn: kneading
ttionn: knotting
iidlnn: kindling
ttiinn: knitting
eeilnn: kneeling
iokcnn: knocking
9
uiklcnn: knuckling
10
iippadnn: kidnapping
12
rttiiaskcn: kickstarting

kf
8
eerihc: kerchief
5
ial: kalif
ool: kloof
6
iahl: khalif

ke
4
en: knee
al: kale
ti: kite
5
avn: knave
ifn: knife
6
rtaa: karate
idln: kindle
iasn: kinase
iidd: kiddie
ettl: kettle
7
uklcn: knuckle
roaak: karaoke
eyohl: keyhole
etyon: keynote
8
woalbn: knowable
eeerdg: kedgeree
etyosn: keystone
iisgzn: kingsize
iaakzm: kamikaze
tyiolb: kilobyte
erisdb: kerbside
eepask: keepsake
eerosn: kerosene
9
ertiolm: kilometre
ertyosk: keystroke
weodgln: knowledge
11
wertiahcn: kitchenware
eetttihcn: kitchenette
12
eioopasdlc: kaleidoscope
13
weeoadgllbn: knowledgeable

kd
3
i: kid
4
in: kind
5
een: kneed
eey: keyed
ean: knead
6
etil: kilted
eikn: kinked
eidd: kidded
eikc: kicked
etti: kitted
eern: kerned
eill: killed
eypa: keypad
eiss: kissed
eifn: knifed
eeel: keeled
7
eeadn: kneaded
eidln: kindled
weryo: keyword
etton: knotted
eokcn: knocked
eridn: kindred
tyiad: katydid
ettin: knitted
eeeln: kneeled
8
euklcn: knuckled
eryoab: keyboard
etighn: knighted
9
eiisgzn: kingsized
eeellnn: kennelled
eippadn: kidnapped
10
tiooghhn: knighthood
11
erttiaskc: kickstarted
eertiadhn: kindhearted
12
eeyipasdhn: kidneyshaped

kk
8
iakccb: kickback
paascn: knapsack
iosfln: kinsfolk
4
ic: kick
ri: kirk
in: kink
5
ios: kiosk
ocn: knock
yaa: kayak
ilc: klick
acn: knack
7
iofln: kinfolk

ki
8
ioohhk: khoikhoi
raaahl: kalahari
4
wi: kiwi
5
ahk: khaki

kh
9
ettiisn: kittenish
4
ti: kith
5
etc: ketch
6
tisc: kitsch
7
iasvn: knavish

ko
8
roaagn: kangaroo
4
il: kilo
5
ogn: kongo
6
ionm: kimono

kn
3
i: kin
e: ken
4
ee: keen
ah: khan
il: kiln
5
roa: koran
won: known
6
taaf: kaftan
etti: kitten
eyan: kenyan
oalx: klaxon
eilv: kelvin
eroa: korean
ioal: kaolin
7
ioash: khoisan
iasnm: kinsman
ertia: keratin
etihc: kitchen
erilm: kremlin
eisnm: kinsmen
rtyop: krypton
tiool: kiloton
iipgn: kingpin
9
wioasnm: kinswoman
12
eerrtiadgn: kindergarten

km
7
iodgn: kingdom

kl
4
ee: keel
il: kill
5
ril: krill
een: kneel
eln: knell
oln: knoll
raa: kraal
6
eenn: kennel
eern: kernel
7
ruaak: karakul
eerts: kestrel
8
eeuahl: keelhaul
9
eettufl: kettleful
10
eeriipsg: kriegspiel

ks
4
eg: kegs
ey: keys
id: kids
is: kiss
ti: kits
5
obn: knobs
til: kilts
won: knows
iln: kilns
ill: kills
ahn: khans
eep: keeps
wii: kiwis
ikn: kinks
ikc: kicks
eel: keels
tin: knits
een: knees
ton: knots
erb: kerbs
uud: kudus
ign: kings
eti: kites
idn: kinds
etl: kelts
6
eadn: kneads
iosk: kiosks
raal: kraals
eivn: knives
olln: knolls
oaal: koalas
yaak: kayaks
eiss: kisses
eabb: kebabs
eifn: knifes
okcn: knocks
akcn: knacks
eeln: kneels
eavn: knaves
7
eidln: kindles
eelnn: kennels
eypad: keypads
taafn: kaftans
ipadn: kidnaps
tighn: knights
eroan: koreans
tiagb: kitbags
erill: killers
ettin: kittens
eerln: kernels
eerpl: kelpers
eettl: kettles
eyidn: kidneys
eripp: kippers
eeerp: keepers
waahc: kwachas
oalxn: klaxons
8
erakcn: knackers
etihcn: kitchens
iodgnm: kingdoms
eertsl: kestrels
weryod: keywords
tiiolb: kilobits
eetyon: keynotes
etiicn: kinetics
euklcn: knuckles
tiooln: kilotons
eepacn: kneecaps
eeesnn: keenness
erikcn: knickers
erttin: knitters
erokcn: knockers
yiojll: killjoys
eeyohl: keyholes
eisdnn: kindness
iiglln: killings
9
paaskcn: knapsacks
etyiolb: kilobytes
eryoadb: keyboards
iogkcnn: knockings
eeepask: keepsakes
rooaagn: kangaroos
wttioal: kilowatts
eetyosn: keystones
10
euioojll: kilojoules
eertiolm: kilometres
etiiacnm: kinematics
eeissdnn: kindnesses
erippadn: kidnappers
eertyosk: keystrokes
rttiaskc: kickstarts
wettiiak: kittiwakes
eiisdlnn: kindliness
11
eriisfghn: kingfishers
iippadgnn: kidnappings
tioodghhn: knighthoods
13
eerrtiadgnn: kindergartens
etiopaalcnm: kleptomaniacs
14
eertuusdklcn: knuckledusters
15
eeertiasddhnn: kindheartedness

kr
6
etil: kilter
eeep: keeper
eidn: kinder
eikc: kicker
eipp: kipper
eias: kaiser
eill: killer
eiss: kisser
eosh: kosher
eeen: keener
7
ettin: knitter
eakcn: knacker
eeeln: kneeler
eokcn: knocker
8
eiidln: kindlier
wetian: knitwear
ettion: knottier
9
eippadn: kidnapper
10
eiisfghn: kingfisher
13
eetuusdklcn: knuckleduster

kp
8
iisghn: kingship
eeeedn: kneedeep
4
ee: keep
el: kelp
6
iadn: kidnap
7
eeacn: kneecap
etuhc: ketchup
iishn: kinship

kw
4
on: know
en: knew
7
woohn: knowhow

kv
4
ei: kiev

ku
4
ud: kudu
6
ufgn: kungfu

kt
3
i: kit
4
el: kelt
en: kent
on: knot
il: kilt
in: knit
ep: kept
5
raf: kraft
eln: knelt
ras: karst
6
eism: kismet
wuia: kuwait
ighn: knight
7
eeesn: keenest
eisdn: kindest
eessn: knesset
8
ioollv: kilovolt
uookcn: knockout
wtioal: kilowatt
9
ettiosn: knottiest
rtiaskc: kickstart
eiisdln: kindliest
10
eiiopfnn: knifepoint
11
eryioasdb: keyboardist

kz
9
ertiohl: kilohertz
7
tuibb: kibbutz

ky
3
e: key
5
tti: kitty
ikn: kinky
6
eidn: kidney
idln: kindly
igln: kingly
eeln: keenly
tton: knotty
7
olbbn: knobbly
eednn: kennedy
iojll: killjoy
eravn: knavery
8
etukcn: kentucky
tighln: knightly
9
wioglnn: knowingly
11
etiiallcn: kinetically
13
weeoadgllbn: knowledgeably

dn
3
a: dan
i: din
e: den
u: dun
o: don
4
wo: down
ea: dean
am: damn
ra: darn
wa: dawn
5
wra: drawn
wro: drown
eyo: doyen
eom: demon
eoz: dozen
iav: divan
ria: drain
6
eisg: design
etin: dentin
eoad: deadon
eoac: deacon
eriv: driven
eoam: daemon
oasm: damson
erak: darken
oalm: dolman
wios: disown
eroh: dehorn
epam: dampen
eolm: dolmen
iiox: dioxin
ioam: domain
eeep: deepen
uilb: dublin
etia: detain
eeam: demean
eead: deaden
eeaf: deafen
wria: darwin
ruab: durban
roag: dragon
7
uoajn: donjuan
eriiv: drivein
epaad: deadpan
euogn: dungeon
uipah: dauphin
etusm: dustmen
tupas: dustpan
eroom: doormen
tiioc: diction
erisc: discern
iiasd: disdain
eeizn: denizen
iiosj: disjoin
erukn: drunken
iophl: dolphin
tuasm: dustman
rooag: dragoon
eoagc: decagon
rooam: doorman
tuisb: dustbin
ipash: dishpan
euodg: dudgeon
8
eroabm: doberman
eertuo: deuteron
eetiol: deletion
eiiosc: decision
iiiosv: division
uiiosn: disunion
etuhcm: dutchmen
eryiam: dairymen
eriios: derision
tiioal: dilation
rtuioa: duration
tuiiol: dilution
etioom: demotion
tuahcm: dutchman
euiosl: delusion
etioov: devotion
iioonm: dominion
eioasc: diocesan
ryiaam: dairyman
iopaas: diapason
tiooan: donation
wrtuon: downturn
9
rioaacn: draconian
etioafl: deflation
eetiojc: dejection
eiiosnm: dimension
etiioav: deviation
ttiioac: dictation
uiiosff: diffusion
etuiodc: deduction
eetiofc: defection
eioadln: dandelion
etiiopc: depiction
eetiopl: depletion
tioaanm: damnation
etiiosg: digestion
eriiosv: diversion
eetiopc: deception
eertios: desertion
ertiioc: direction
rtaasfm: draftsman
ettiiia: dietitian
etoahlc: decathlon
ettiion: dentition
eettion: detention
etiiiac: dietician
eettioc: detection
10
eeioslcn: declension
tuiiionm: diminution
eetioflc: deflection
etiioadc: dedication
eriiossg: digression
eeeropfz: deepfrozen
ettuiopa: deputation
eriiopss: dispersion
rttiioos: distortion
etiiiofn: definition
ettiooan: denotation, detonation
ertiioav: derivation
tiiooanm: domination
rtuiiops: disruption
erttioac: detraction
uiiosssc: discussion
eetioagl: delegation
ertyiopc: decryption
etiioacm: decimation
ertiiosc: discretion
ttiioaal: dilatation
etioaafm: defamation
eeriopss: depression
etiioolm: demolition
tiiioavn: divination
etiiossn: distension
eiiosssn: dissension
etiioops: deposition
etiiossc: dissection
etuioadn: denudation
ertiooac: decoration
ertioops: desorption
ertiooag: derogation
etuioolv: devolution
etiooasl: desolation
11
ertioaacm: demarcation
eetiioaln: delineation
tiiooaslc: dislocation
etiioascc: desiccation
wertooddn: downtrodden
tuiioossl: dissolution
tuiiopalc: duplication
etiioalcn: declination
etiiioafc: deification
ttiiioscn: distinction
ettiioasn: destination
tuiiosjcn: disjunction
eetttioas: detestation
ertyioadh: dehydration
etttuiios: destitution
eertiiolc: dereliction
ertiiopav: deprivation
ettioaasv: devastation
erttuiosc: destruction
etiiooafl: defoliation
etiioasgn: designation
tiiiopass: dissipation
rtuaasghm: draughtsman
eertiopas: desperation
etuioaalv: devaluation
ertioaadg: degradation
tiiioopss: disposition
eertiopad: depredation
eertiopac: deprecation
tyuiosfcn: dysfunction
uiiiossll: disillusion
eettioalc: delectation
ttuiiopas: disputation
etiioassc: dessication
ertioaalc: declaration
ertuasghm: draughtsmen
ertiiopsc: description
erttioopa: deportation
etioaalcm: declamation
rtiioaffc: diffraction
eertioasc: desecration
ertiioagn: denigration
rttiioasc: distraction
ertiooafm: deformation
12
ettiioaacv: deactivation
eertuioagl: deregulation
etuiooppal: depopulation
rttuiiiosb: distribution
ttiiiioasg: digitisation
eeetiasslc: delicatessen
eertiiopac: depreciation
eeertioalc: deceleration
eerooaddhc: dodecahedron
etiioasffc: disaffection
tiiiopaadl: dilapidation
qtuiiiioss: disquisition
eertiioalb: deliberation
etiioaasln: desalination
etiiiosfcn: disinfection
etiiopassn: dispensation
eiioosscmm: decommission
ettiiopaac: decapitation
ttiiioasll: distillation
tiiiooassc: dissociation
etuiioacnn: denunciation
etiiooannm: denomination
eeertioagn: degeneration
erttiioass: dissertation
13
eerttiioanm: determination
ettiiooascm: domestication
ettuiooacnm: documentation
etuiooolcvn: deconvolution
rttiioaaasm: dramatisation
eerttiooasf: deforestation
etiioosccnn: disconnection
erttiooasnm: demonstration
tiiioaasgcn: diagnostician
etiiioassnm: dissemination
eerioopsscm: decompression
tuiiioasslm: dissimulation
eiioopsssss: dispossession
eeertioasgg: desegregation
eerrttiiooa: deterioration
etiiooopscm: decomposition
14
ettiiiooafxc: detoxification
etiioooaslcn: decolonisation
eeerttioasfn: defenestration
riiiipaaslcn: disciplinarian
rtiiooppaasb: disapprobation
tuiiioaasgbm: disambiguation
erttiiioasgn: disintegration
tiiiioaslcnn: disinclination
rtuiioooaslc: discolouration
ertiioopaasl: depolarisation
ertiiooaaslm: demoralisation
tiiiioaasffl: disaffiliation
rtiiiooasfnm: disinformation
rtiiiioascnm: discrimination
etiiioaaslcm: decimalisation
ertiioaaskbm: disembarkation
erttiiiooasn: disorientation
etiiiooaslbm: demobilisation
tiioooasslcn: disconsolation
erttuioosccn: deconstruction
ertiioaasggg: disaggregation
tiiiooaasssc: disassociation
15
eettiioaasgnm: demagnetisation
ttiiioaasssfc: dissatisfaction
eerttiiioaffn: differentiation
eerttiiioasfc: desertification
ettyiiioasfcm: demystification
eerttioaafgnm: defragmentation
ettiiooaacnnm: decontamination
ttuiiiooascnn: discontinuation
rtiiiooaassgn: disorganisation
ertiiiioasfcv: diversification
erttiiooaascm: democratisation
ettiiioaasslb: destabilisation
16
qtuiiiioaasflc: disqualification
etiiioaassflcc: declassification
ettiiiioopaslc: depoliticisation
erttiiiioaaslm: demilitarisation
eerttiioaaslcn: decentralisation
17
ertiiiioaaslcnm: decriminalisation
ettiiiooaaaslnn: denationalisation
eertiioopaassln: depersonalisation

do
2
: do
3
u: duo
4
em: demo
od: dodo
ad: dado
ec: deco
5
isc: disco
ign: dingo
idl: dildo
tti: ditto
uom: duomo
6
yanm: dynamo
road: dorado
ionm: domino
7
etafc: defacto
9
eerpasd: desperado
10
euiidnnm: diminuendo

dl
4
el: dell
ol: doll
ul: dull
ea: deal
eu: duel
il: dill
ia: dial
ua: dual
5
eiv: devil
rol: droll
roo: drool
wra: drawl
weo: dowel
wel: dwell
ril: drill
6
easm: damsel
eriv: drivel
tias: distal
eram: dermal
tyac: dactyl
etia: detail
eips: dispel
eeis: diesel
eian: daniel, denial
tiis: distil
roas: dorsal
etan: dental
euff: duffel
iasm: dismal
eria: derail
7
eiops: despoil
ertax: dextral
eiacm: decimal
ruian: diurnal
euofl: doleful
tuuif: dutiful
tiiag: digital
eiasv: devisal
eeicb: decibel
8
wiohln: downhill
euoadn: duodenal
eroolb: doorbell
eerogg: doggerel
riooan: doornail
ioadff: daffodil
eulbbm: dumbbell
uighln: dunghill
erttia: detrital
tuuofb: doubtful
iopass: disposal
eipass: despisal
rtooac: doctoral
yioasl: disloyal
woafln: downfall
ioaagn: diagonal
eerraf: deferral
ioaacn: diaconal
etioav: dovetail
eriadh: dihedral
eruadf: dreadful
uiklcb: duckbill
9
wioaasv: disavowal
etiaalc: dialectal
iiasssm: dismissal
rtioacn: doctrinal
eeriadv: daredevil
eripass: dispersal
yiaacnm: dynamical
eetuifc: deceitful
10
euioasln: delusional
errioaah: diarrhoeal
weeiosbm: disembowel
etuifghl: delightful
uiiasdfn: disdainful
etiooavn: devotional
iioaalcb: diabolical
iiioasvn: divisional
11
eruiasfgc: disgraceful
eeertiafn: deferential
eeertacnm: decremental
uiioasffn: diffusional
eiioasnnm: dimensional
eerttianm: detrimental
rtiiiaacc: diacritical
rioppaasv: disapproval
rttiioaac: dictatorial
etiiaalcc: dialectical
ettuiassf: distasteful
rttuuissf: distrustful
ertiioacn: directional
errtiioac: directorial
12
ettiooaann: denotational
etiioopasn: depositional
eeroaaddhc: dodecahedral
eertiiaffn: differential
eerttpaanm: departmental
etiiioafnn: definitional
13
rrtuiaaagcm: dramaturgical
etiioaasgnn: designational
tyuioasfcnn: dysfunctional
eertuipssfc: disrespectful
eeetopalvnm: developmental
14
ertiooaaglcm: dermatological
etiiooaannnm: denominational
rttuiiioasbn: distributional
15
rrtiioooppasn: disproportional
19
erriooooadghlccnn: dendrochronological

dm
3
a: dam
i: dim
4
ee: deem
oo: doom
ra: dram
ru: drum
5
tua: datum
eis: deism
era: dream
ein: denim
6
rahc: drachm
rias: disarm
erof: deform
eodg: dodgem
tuic: dictum
tioa: diatom
eiad: diadem
7
eialc: declaim
euodk: dukedom
uiasl: dualism
eruoc: decorum
riaag: diagram
8
eryaad: daydream
eruiil: delirium
iiaslc: disclaim
euuodn: duodenum
rrooak: darkroom
yiasnm: dynamism
9
etiopss: despotism
eertuui: deuterium
iioaslb: diabolism
ripaagh: diaphragm
eetiasf: defeatism
tioasgm: dogmatism
10
wertoasn: downstream
riiopshm: dimorphism
11
eertuiasd: desideratum
eertiisnm: determinism
12
ruiiopahln: dolphinarium
13
ertiiipsscv: descriptivism
14
qeruuiiiislb: disequilibrium

dk
4
us: dusk
oc: dock
ec: deck
an: dank
uc: duck
es: desk
ra: dark
5
ran: drank
rin: drink
run: drunk
6
erab: debark
eubn: debunk
aasm: damask
7
eranm: denmark
ruikn: dunkirk
eerkl: deklerk
erric: derrick
8
wraacb: drawback
tiipsc: dipstick
eryaab: daybreak
eoadlc: deadlock
9
eriasbm: disembark
10
etuoallb: doubletalk
rtuuscbm: dumbstruck

dh
3
o: doh
4
as: dash
is: dish
5
etp: depth
eta: death
uog: dough
tuc: dutch
tic: ditch
6
ryis: dryish
erta: dearth
iasn: danish
ercn: drench
etac: detach
7
iosfg: dogfish
eeips: deepish
euacb: debauch
ipasm: dampish
eiall: delilah
riask: darkish
8
tipasc: dispatch
iiisnm: diminish
eioslm: demolish
eiislv: devilish
wriasf: dwarfish
etpasc: despatch
9
tioshlc: dishcloth
11
tuiiissgn: distinguish
werttooan: downtoearth
12
etiiassslb: disestablish

di
4
el: deli
5
ehl: delhi
6
ephl: delphi
7
iacvn: davinci

df
4
uf: duff
ea: deaf
5
eac: decaf
wra: dwarf
7
eerib: debrief
tiasf: distaff
8
etyusf: dyestuff
rioops: disproof
ruadfn: dandruff
9
eeiislb: disbelief
12
ertyuioosl: doityourself

dg
3
i: dig
u: dug
o: dog
4
on: dong
un: dung
ra: drag
ru: drug
in: ding
5
ion: doing
yin: dying
eub: debug
6
iinn: dining
eyin: dyeing
ryin: drying
iosn: dosing
iivn: diving
toag: dogtag
iopn: doping
tian: dating
ruin: during
iicn: dicing
iazn: danzig, dazing
iozn: dozing
ioln: doling
tion: doting
rian: daring
ioal: dialog
7
wrian: drawing
wionn: downing
iinmm: dimming
iippn: dipping
ianmm: damming
uikcn: ducking
tuicn: ducting
iiggn: digging
iokcn: docking
iishn: dishing
ipanm: damping
ionnn: donning
tuisn: dusting
eyinn: denying
etiin: dieting
uiabn: daubing
riovn: droving
ioonm: dooming
eikcn: decking
uiknn: dunking
riivn: driving
ioggn: dogging
uilln: dulling
ttion: dotting
iannm: damning
rialn: darling
riann: darning
wiann: dawning
eeinm: deeming
uibbn: dubbing
eilvn: delving
iialn: dialing
ioffn: doffing
uiosn: dousing
iabbn: dabbing
rtian: darting
wiosn: dowsing
eyifn: defying
uipnm: dumping
iacnn: dancing
rionn: droning
eoagm: demagog
iodgn: dodging
ripan: draping
eialn: dealing
iashn: dashing
etinn: denting
yoaln: daylong
8
iodgnn: dingdong
etiabn: debating
eriivn: deriving
tiialn: dilating
tuiobn: doubting
riooln: drooling
erissn: dressing
eyiocn: decoying
riiknn: drinking
euilln: duelling
ioodln: doodling
euidcn: deducing
etionn: denoting
eiasbn: debasing
ruiggn: drugging
tiihcn: ditching
eyiacn: decaying
ialbbn: dabbling
iiivnn: divining
euigln: deluging
eiifnn: defining
iialln: dialling
rtiafn: drafting
wiadln: dawdling
eyiifn: deifying
wriafn: dwarfing
euidln: deluding
eryicn: decrying
rtyiin: dirtying
eridgn: dredging
rtiifn: drifting
riilln: drilling
etiovn: devoting
uiohcn: douching
uiplnm: dumpling
uiolbn: doubling
etiibn: debiting
eyialn: delaying
ialzzn: dazzling
weilln: dwelling
wrialn: drawling
eiafnm: defaming
eiifln: defiling
riippn: dripping
rioppn: dropping
erianm: dreaming
ruinmm: drumming
eiopsn: deposing
iaagnm: damaging
yialln: dallying
eriadn: dreading
tioann: donating
riiann: draining
ryiian: dairying
ruibbn: drubbing
wrionn: drowning
eiodcn: decoding
uiklcn: duckling
tuiann: daunting
riaggn: dragging
iiidvn: dividing
eiafcn: defacing
eetiln: deleting
euisfn: defusing
yiizzn: dizzying
eriisn: desiring
iaglnn: dangling
eiisvn: devising
rioopn: drooping
tuiiln: diluting
eiidcn: deciding
eriidn: deriding
9
etiissn: desisting
eriadgn: degrading
eettisn: detesting
iiiskln: disliking
eriofnm: deforming
riiocvn: divorcing
eiipssn: despising
eetticn: detecting
ertiivn: diverting
ertiihn: dithering
eeipdnn: depending
erialcn: declaring
etiiavn: deviating
euiggbn: debugging
euialvn: devaluing
eriialn: derailing
ertiicn: directing
etiahcn: detaching
iiaslbn: disabling
eeidfnn: defending
eeiadnn: deadening
eriipvn: depriving
weiolln: dowelling
eetipln: depleting
tuiipsn: disputing
eipannm: dampening
ertipan: departing
erruinm: demurring
riilzzn: drizzling
eiilcnn: declining
eeiicvn: deceiving
eiolvvn: devolving
yiiasnm: dismaying
eiadnnm: demanding
etiipcn: depicting
eripavn: depraving
eetifcn: defecting
etiisgn: digesting
uiiglvn: divulging
eiisgnn: designing
etuidcn: deducting
ttiiacn: dictating
uiisffn: diffusing
eerisvn: deserving
eriiffn: differing
eeiafnn: deafening
erihcnn: drenching
etiisvn: divesting
riiosbn: disrobing
ertiopn: deporting
eeericn: decreeing
eertisn: deserting
etiacnn: decanting
wiiosnn: disowning
etiialn: detailing
tiophhn: diphthong
eerrtin: deterring
eriaknn: darkening
wwiosnn: downswing
riiasnm: disarming
eriigvn: diverging
eyiopln: deploying
etiiann: detaining
eeiannm: demeaning
rtioocn: doctoring
iiopssn: disposing
eetiafn: defeating
etiafln: deflating
eruiovn: devouring
wiidlnn: dwindling
eeeipnn: deepening
eerrifn: deferring
eriopln: deploring
riilbbn: dribbling
10
tiiislln: distilling
eetiagln: delegating
eiialcnm: declaiming
etioasln: desolating
eeriascn: decreasing
eriipssn: dispersing
etiiadcn: dedicating
iiisssnm: dismissing
eriissgn: digressing
tuiissgn: disgusting
rtiiopsn: disporting
euiassgn: degaussing
eeriifbn: debriefing
iipaslcn: displacing
euiocnnn: denouncing
yiipasln: displaying
wiioasvn: disavowing
eiisklln: deskilling
eetiflcn: deflecting
etiiacnm: decimating
eriipasn: despairing
iiasdbnn: disbanding
eeriilvn: delivering
etiiopsn: depositing
iioasgnn: diagnosing
eriiscnn: discerning
erttiacn: detracting
eeisdcnn: descending
ertiosfn: defrosting
etiissnn: dissenting
eeripssn: depressing
rtuiisbn: disturbing
etuiipsn: deputising
wiiosznn: downsizing
tiiascnn: distancing
riiopsvn: disproving
uiiissgn: disguising
rtuiipsn: disrupting
riiosggn: disgorging
eriillvn: drivelling
euioplcn: decoupling
etiighln: delighting
eiiopsln: despoiling
iiosdgln: dislodging
ettioann: detonating
ertyipcn: decrypting
eetiafcn: defecating
ertioacn: decorating
eruiadfn: defrauding
riiasdcn: discarding
rttiiosn: distorting
eriiscbn: describing
iiosslcn: disclosing
etuiafln: defaulting
iiosslvn: dissolving
riiasgcn: disgracing
ertuiann: denaturing
uiissscn: discussing
eyiiosbn: disobeying
iiiasdnn: disdaining
uiiassdn: dissuading
etuionnm: demounting
tiioannm: dominating
etiiilnm: delimiting
eiipslln: dispelling
eiipssnn: dispensing
yiiifgnn: dignifying
etiisscn: dissecting
tiiiisgn: digitising
ertyiosn: destroying
eeioplvn: developing
11
riipaasgn: disparaging
eertiascn: desecrating
ruiiosscn: discoursing
tiioaslcn: dislocating
rtiiiipsn: dispiriting
ettiaasvn: devastating
ertyiadhn: dehydrating
eiioshlnm: demolishing
eiiasggnn: disengaging
iiiishnnm: diminishing
rttuiissn: distrusting
eertiinnm: determining
ertiaacnm: demarcating
rttiiascn: distracting
eriassknm: dressmaking
eryiaadnm: daydreaming
ertiisssn: distressing
wiooadlnn: downloading
eeriiasgn: disagreeing
eeriionnm: domineering
rtiiaasnm: dramatising
etuiocnnm: documenting
iiiaslcnm: disclaiming
tuiipalcn: duplicating
eioopscnm: decomposing
tiiipassn: dissipating
riiasghcn: discharging
tiipashcn: dispatching
weeriofln: deflowering
tuiiosnnm: dismounting
eriioscvn: discovering
eiisslbnm: dissembling
ertiiagnn: denigrating
eiiovbbnm: divebombing
eryialcnn: drycleaning
uuiodfnnm: dumfounding
rtiiaffcn: diffracting
eioadklcn: deadlocking
tiiaslnnm: dismantling
wiioaslln: disallowing
qetuiiisn: disquieting
eetiialnn: delineating
ruiiisfgn: disfiguring
eeriiphcn: deciphering
eertipacn: deprecating
tuiioscnn: discounting
eiipassln: displeasing
wrioadgnn: downgrading
etipashcn: despatching
etiiasgnn: designating
12
eryiiisfvn: diversifying
etyyiisfnm: demystifying
eeerticnnm: decrementing
ettiipaacn: decapitating
eiiiosnnnm: dimensioning
ettiiialbn: debilitating
euiiashnnm: dehumanising
erriiasdgn: disregarding
eeertiagnn: degenerating
ruiioasgcn: discouraging
eertuiagln: deregulating
eeriisbnmm: dismembering
eeeeripfzn: deepfreezing
eeiiislvbn: disbelieving
iiiipslcnn: disciplining
eriioaslnm: demoralising
tiiioasscn: dissociating
ertiiisdcn: discrediting
rttuiiisbn: distributing
ettiiaacvn: deactivating
eeriiffcnn: differencing
riioppasvn: disapproving
uuiodfbnnm: dumbfounding
etiiisfcnn: disinfecting
eriiaskbnm: disembarking
eertiipacn: depreciating
eertiaskln: deerstalking
eertiialbn: deliberating
rriiaasgnn: disarranging
eriippaasn: disappearing
eeertialcn: decelerating
13
etiiiasslbn: destabilising
tiiioppasnn: disappointing
etiiasglnnn: disentangling
tyiiiasssfn: dissatisfying
eerrttiioan: deteriorating
tuiiioscnnn: discontinuing
qyuiiiasfln: disqualifying
etiiosccnnn: disconnecting
ertiioascnm: democratising
eeuioadllbn: doubledealing
etiiiassnnm: disseminating
eiiassslbnm: disassembling
erttioasnnm: demonstrating
riiioassgnn: disorganising
rtiioosfcnm: discomforting
eetiiisssnn: desensitising
ertiiosccnn: disconcerting
eertiiashnn: disheartening
iiioaasglnn: diagonalising
eeriopsscnm: decompressing
14
tuiiiissghnn: distinguishing
erttuiosccnn: deconstructing
uiiiiossllnn: disillusioning
eruioosslcbn: doublecrossing
tiiiiaasffln: disaffiliating
eertiiaslcnn: decentralising
rtiiiiascnnm: discriminating
erttiiioasnn: disorientating
erttiiiasgnn: disintegrating
tiiioaassscn: disassociating
tuiiiaasgbnm: disambiguating
15
eriiiiaslcnnm: decriminalising
eerttiiiaffnn: differentiating
eiiioosscnnmm: decommissioning
ettiioaacnnnm: decontaminating
etiiiassshlbn: disestablishing
eeriiopasslnn: depersonalising
16
eriiiassfhcnnn: disenfranchising

dd
3
a: dad
i: did
u: dud
4
ee: deed
ei: died
ey: dyed
ea: dead
ya: dyad
5
eop: doped
eta: dated
eup: duped
eiv: dived
eom: domed
eol: doled
eos: dosed
eic: diced
eaz: dazed
era: dared, dread
rui: druid
eri: dried
eoz: dozed
iav: david
eto: doted
ein: dined
6
eefn: defend
etto: dotted
eran: darned
erta: darted
eron: droned
eull: dulled
eish: dished
erpa: draped
eogg: dogged
epam: damped
eukn: dunked
eepn: depend
etus: dusted
eelv: delved
eanm: damned, demand
eash: dashed
euab: daubed
eoll: dolled
yoal: dayold
eabb: dabbed
eonn: donned
eiov: devoid
eeif: defied
eukc: ducked
wean: dawned
etuc: ducted
eein: denied
eoff: doffed
ooog: dogood
eipp: dipped
eeti: dieted
eetn: dented
eeem: deemed
eodg: dodged
eubb: dubbed
eoom: doomed
eokc: docked
eeuc: deuced
weon: downed
eacn: danced
eupm: dumped
eign: dinged
eekc: decked
eimm: dimmed
euos: doused
eamm: dammed
7
eerdg: dredged
ioanm: diamond
eeudn: denuded
eeudl: deluded
eeudc: deduced
eerss: dressed
eeops: deposed
eeadn: deadend
euiss: disused
eeyoc: decoyed
erill: drilled
eropp: dropped
weraf: dwarfed
euolb: doubled
weral: drawled
eetup: deputed
weell: dwelled
eeidc: decided
eeetl: deleted
etuob: doubted
eruaf: defraud
eeobn: deboned
weadl: dawdled
eeiif: deified
iiopl: diploid
iasbn: disband
eeram: dreamed
eiplm: dimpled
eeafc: defaced
eeafm: defamed
weron: drowned
eagln: dangled
etuan: daunted
riasc: discard
eeyal: delayed
eeyac: decayed
eeugl: deluged
weros: drowsed
eeifl: defiled
erugg: drugged
eeifn: defined
etuil: diluted
eeull: duelled
eerta: derated
ealzz: dazzled
eeasb: debased
eiogm: demigod
eetib: debited
eppal: dappled
erubb: drubbed
eopac: decapod
eetab: debated
etiol: deltoid
erumm: drummed
eiidv: divided
euimm: dummied
riosc: discord
eripp: dripped
etoan: donated
eeryy: dryeyed
eoodl: doodled
eroop: drooped
eeric: decried
eerid: derided
eragg: dragged
eeris: desired
etial: dilated
eeriv: derived
eeusf: defused
eaagm: damaged
erool: drooled
eetov: devoted
eopsn: despond
eeodc: decoded
eescn: descend
eerad: dreaded
eeton: denoted
eetom: demoted
ertif: drifted
etihc: ditched
eeism: demised
ertii: dirtied
eeerc: decreed
eeisv: devised
ruall: dullard
eiall: dallied, dialled
ealbb: dabbled
erian: drained
ertaf: drafted
eriah: diehard
eiivn: divined
8
eetian: detained
eetial: detailed
eeetjc: dejected
eeetpl: depleted
eepacm: decamped
eerial: derailed
erilbb: dribbled
eetafl: deflated
eetiav: deviated
eeersv: deserved
eeryaf: defrayed
eerakn: darkened
eeeasc: deceased
eeradg: degraded
eeetts: detested
eriasm: disarmed
eeyopl: deployed
eeolvv: devolved
eeettc: detected
eetahc: detached
weidln: dwindled
eetudc: deducted
eeralc: declared
uopkcn: duckpond
eiidvn: dividend
ettiac: dictated
weiosn: disowned
wooaln: download
eeisgn: designed
eerigv: diverged
eeipss: despised
eiaslb: disabled
eeualv: devalued
eeripv: deprived
oaklcn: dockland
eeetaf: defeated
eerrum: demurred
eetipc: depicted
eetahb: deathbed
wwionn: downwind
eeerrt: deterred
eertpa: departed
etuips: disputed
eertop: deported
eeerrf: deferred
eeeadn: deadened
rruakn: drunkard
wrroac: drawcord
erilzz: drizzled
eeilcn: declined
eeroag: dogeared
eeetnm: demented
eerhcn: drenched
eeetfc: defected
eeedfn: defended
eeeafn: deafened
eeragn: deranged
eeeanm: demeaned
eeerts: deserted
eeriff: differed
eeruov: devoured
eertih: dithered
eerpav: depraved
eetisn: destined
eertic: directed
eetisv: divested
eeillv: devilled
eetiss: desisted
eertiv: diverted
eerofm: deformed
eyiasm: dismayed
wwroan: downward
eeeicv: deceived
woalnn: downland
eertuo: detoured
eeiass: diseased
eerrab: debarred
eetisg: digested
eeepdn: depended
eriocv: divorced
eepanm: dampened
eiiskl: disliked
eeropl: deplored
euiglv: divulged
eeadnm: demanded
eiopss: disposed
eeeepn: deepened
ertooc: doctored
uuofnm: dumfound
eeuggb: debugged
ryoakc: dockyard
eetacn: decanted
euisff: diffused
9
uuofbnm: dumbfound
eiosslv: dissolved
eriopsv: disproved
eyipasl: displayed
eertypc: decrypted
erooagn: dragooned
eetiacm: decimated
weioszn: downsized
eertosf: defrosted
eetuips: deputised
eeeripf: deepfried
eerttac: detracted
eeuahcb: debauched
eeerilv: delivered
eiosslc: disclosed
eertohn: dethroned
eetuafl: defaulted
eeyiosb: disobeyed
erriasg: disregard
eruissb: disbursed
etiisll: distilled
etuissg: disgusted
ertuips: disrupted
eeuoplc: decoupled
eeialcm: declaimed
eetoasl: desolated
wrtioof: driftwood
eeesdcn: descended
eiiolcm: domiciled
eeeoplv: developed
eeetagl: delegated
eiasdbn: disbanded
eiiifgn: dignified
erttios: distorted
eerillv: drivelled
eioasgn: diagnosed
eeripss: dispersed
eeerifb: debriefed
euiassd: dissuaded
eetisdn: distended
etioanm: dominated
eeuassg: degaussed
euiassb: disabused
eeiopsl: despoiled
eetighl: delighted
etyianm: dynamited
eertuan: denatured
eeerasc: decreased
eertyos: destroyed
etiiisg: digitised
eeruadf: defrauded
ertuisb: disturbed
eriasdc: discarded
etiascn: distanced
eetiilm: delimited
eeriasg: disagreed
eeriscn: discerned
eeuocnn: denounced
eetissc: dissected
eeriscb: described
eetissn: dissented
weioasv: disavowed
eetiops: deposited
euiissg: disguised
eeetflc: deflected
roaashb: dashboard
eetuonm: demounted
eriasgc: disgraced
eeerpss: depressed
eeipssn: dispensed
eerissg: digressed
eiisssm: dismissed
eiiasdn: disdained
eertoac: decorated
rrtoaab: dartboard
eeipsll: dispelled
eipaslc: displaced
eiosdgl: dislodged
eriosgg: disgorged
eeripas: despaired
uashhcn: dachshund
eraalnm: dreamland
eetiadc: dedicated
euisssc: discussed
eettoan: detonated
10
eiiaslcm: disclaimed
etuipalc: duplicated
eetiasgn: designated
eeerionm: domineered
euuodfnm: dumfounded
eeertoop: deeprooted
eerioosd: deodorised
eetiascc: desiccated
etiaslnm: dismantled
eripaasg: disparaged
weooadln: downloaded
eeryalcn: drycleaned
eertyadh: dehydrated
weyopaln: downplayed
etuiosnm: dismounted
eetiassc: dessicated
eeeriphc: deciphered
weioasll: disallowed
euikllcb: duckbilled
ertiiips: dispirited
etiipass: dissipated
eeiasggn: disengaged
eeeetpas: deepseated
etioaslc: dislocated
eeisslbm: dissembled
eeertpac: deprecated
erryiaas: disarrayed
eeertinm: determined
eeoadklc: deadlocked
eertisss: distressed
eetuocnm: documented
etiiosjn: disjointed
eeioshlm: demolished
eiiishnm: diminished
eettaasv: devastated
erttiasc: distracted
eertiagn: denigrated
ertiaffc: diffracted
eerioscv: discovered
eeetialn: delineated
eertaacm: demarcated
eeertosf: deforested
erttuiss: distrusted
eerriosd: disordered
etuioscn: discounted
eriasghc: discharged
eeeetslc: deselected
eruiossc: discoursed
eetpashc: despatched
eeertasc: desecrated
ertiaasm: dramatised
etipashc: dispatched
eeipassl: displeased
weroadgn: downgraded
eruiisfg: disfigured
eeoopscm: decomposed
11
eettiialb: debilitated
qeeeuislc: deliquesced
eerippaas: disappeared
erioppasv: disapproved
eeiiosdbm: disembodied
eeertuagl: deregulated
erttuiisb: distributed
eerriasdg: disregarded
eettipaac: decapitated
eeiioslbm: demobilised
eiiipslcn: disciplined
eeriaskbm: disembarked
eeriiisfv: diversified
eetiasffc: disaffected
eiiislcnn: disinclined
eetuoppal: depopulated
eruioasgc: discouraged
eeertipac: depreciated
eeeishllv: dishevelled
eeertialb: deliberated
eeeertalc: decelerated
eertiiosn: disoriented
euuodfbnm: dumbfounded
eetioannm: denominated
eeertipsm: distempered
eerrtiisn: disinterred
eeeiislvb: disbelieved
eeerisbmm: dismembered
weertoahn: downhearted
eettiaacv: deactivated
eeiiosnnm: dimensioned
etiipaadl: dilapidated
eetiisfcn: disinfected
etiiosfcm: discomfited
etiioassc: dissociated
ertuisgln: disgruntled
eeeertagn: degenerated
eerttuaas: desaturated
eerioaslm: demoralised
eeeertcnm: decremented
eertiisdc: discredited
eeuiashnm: dehumanised
eruiooslc: discoloured
eruiooshn: dishonoured
12
eetiosccnn: disconnected
eertiosccn: disconcerted
eeeropsscm: decompressed
eriioassgn: disorganised
eeerrttioa: deteriorated
eeiassslbm: disassembled
eetiiasslb: destabilised
etiiiasssf: dissatisfied
eetiashcnn: disenchanted
etuiioscnn: discontinued
etiioppasn: disappointed
eetiiassnm: disseminated
eettioascm: domesticated
eeiopsssss: dispossessed
eeiiassflc: declassified
eerttoasnm: demonstrated
eettioscnn: discontented
eiioaasgln: diagonalised
eetiasglnn: disentangled
eertiiishn: disinherited
eeertiashn: disheartened
qeuiiiasfl: disqualified
eetuiosscm: decustomised
13
ertiiiascnm: discriminated
eeerttiissn: disinterested
etuiiaasgbm: disambiguated
etiaaasdgvn: disadvantaged
weeeiosllbm: disembowelled
eertiaasggg: disaggregated
eerttuosccn: deconstructed
eerttiiasgn: disintegrated
eeetiaaffcn: decaffeinated
eeertiaslcn: decentralised
euiiiosslln: disillusioned
eeeerttasfn: defenestrated
eerttiioasn: disorientated
etiioaasssc: disassociated
etiiiaasffl: disaffiliated
eertiiiaslm: demilitarised
etuiiissghn: distinguished
14
eeiioosscnmm: decommissioned
eeriiiaslcnm: decriminalised
eetiiassshlb: disestablished
eettioaacnnm: decontaminated
eeerttiiaffn: differentiated
eeertiiaaslm: dematerialised
15
eeriiassfhcnn: disenfranchised
eeerruoalllbb: doublebarrelled

de
3
i: die
u: due
e: dee
y: dye
o: doe
4
ac: dace
am: dame
al: dale
an: dane
im: dime
in: dine
ic: dice
az: daze
to: dote
ra: dare
ri: dire
ta: date
yk: dyke
yn: dyne
ud: dude
iv: dive
on: done
om: dome
ol: dole
og: doge
up: dupe
un: dune
oz: doze
uk: duke
ov: dove
os: dose
uc: duce
op: dope
5
uos: douse
ron: drone
riv: drive
acn: dance
euc: deuce
rak: drake
rpa: drape
ucn: dunce
wos: dowse
rig: dirge
esn: dense
tan: dante
iod: diode
elv: delve
rov: drove
odg: dodge
6
iass: dassie
eafc: deface
uiss: disuse
eidc: decide
oasg: dosage
eriv: derive
wros: drowse
aagm: damage
albb: dabble
erta: derate
eafm: defame
erid: deride
wadl: dawdle
eisv: devise
etom: demote
eudn: denude
eusf: defuse
eudl: delude
iolc: docile
eudc: deduce
eulx: deluxe
eilc: decile
tuil: dilute
eria: dearie
uabn: danube
eerc: decree
eerg: degree
iivn: divine
ppal: dapple
easb: debase
oodl: doodle
etov: devote
eifl: defile
etab: debate
etal: delate
eism: demise
igln: dingle
toag: dotage
rudg: drudge
eifn: define
eicv: device
tiav: dative
iopl: dipole
agln: dangle
eodc: decode
eobn: debone
eadc: decade
tial: dilate
eugl: deluge
iplm: dimple
eetl: delete
etup: depute
toan: donate
erum: demure
iidv: divide
eton: denote
eokc: decoke
eops: depose
uolb: double
uohc: douche
eris: desire
erdg: dredge
alzz: dazzle
7
eetpl: deplete
ryaac: daycare
eefcn: defence
eeasc: decease
eripv: deprive
rilbb: dribble
eersv: deserve
eyonn: doyenne
rilzz: drizzle
uisff: diffuse
ruacn: durance
oagkc: dockage
eeicv: deceive
eragn: derange
eillb: delible
etiav: deviate
tuilc: ductile
eiosc: diocese
iogkl: doglike
widln: dwindle
iiodx: dioxide
tyiam: daytime
iopss: dispose
ealcb: debacle
eettn: detente
etips: despite
ertun: denture
eetov: devotee
eergm: demerge
iiskl: dislike
eropl: deplore
eiass: disease
eipss: despise
etafl: deflate
eralc: declare
erpav: deprave
eualv: devalue
riocm: dormice
erigv: diverge
uiglv: divulge
eiocv: devoice
roacn: dracone
eilcn: decline
ttiac: dictate
rualb: durable
tuips: dispute
eolvv: devolve
riocv: divorce
riosb: disrobe
taalb: datable
eradg: degrade
erisv: diverse
rtiop: dioptre
iaslb: disable
etinn: dentine
etisn: destine
ertaf: draftee
8
etialc: delicate
tiascn: distance
eetian: detainee
aalbnm: damnable
ertohn: dethrone
iosslc: disclose
ioasgn: diagnose
ettoan: detonate
eipssn: dispense
etialn: dateline
ettisk: diskette
iosslv: dissolve
riasgc: disgrace
eetafc: defecate
uiissg: disguise
tiaanm: diamante
tiiisg: digitise
etiadc: dedicate
iiisvv: divisive
ruissb: disburse
ertosx: dextrose
iosdgl: dislodge
wraalb: drawable
eiacvn: deviance
wioppn: downpipe
tuiisn: disunite
eriocv: divorcee
rtyosn: drystone
eriasg: disagree
eripss: disperse
etoocv: dovecote
rtiocn: doctrine
iipslc: disciple
uiassb: disabuse
uiassd: dissuade
tyianm: dynamite
eiadln: deadline
eiiscv: decisive
uioagl: dialogue
riaagn: drainage
etiacm: decimate
eetagl: delegate
etiifn: definite
etuips: deputise
etoasl: desolate
euislv: delusive
eertop: deportee
eriscb: describe
eiosnm: demonise
wiosdn: downside
riopsv: disprove
wioszn: downsize
iosdkc: dockside
tioolm: dolomite
riosgg: disgorge
euoplc: decouple
tioanm: dominate
ttiass: distaste
eialbn: deniable
erassg: dressage
euocnn: denounce
rtiiab: diatribe
ertiol: dolerite
ertisc: discrete
taaasb: database
ruoosm: dormouse
eriisv: derisive
ertyuf: dutyfree
eerasc: decrease
eiafcn: defiance
uuoogl: duologue
iopanm: dopamine
eerasg: degrease
iiolcm: domicile
ertoag: derogate
ipaslc: displace
ertoac: decorate
rialvb: drivable
9
tioaslc: dislocate
iaallcn: dalliance
ettaasv: devastate
eisslbm: dissemble
wroadgn: downgrade
eertubn: debenture
rttooac: doctorate
tiipass: dissipate
eetallb: deletable
riaklbn: drinkable
ruiisfg: disfigure
rtiaasm: dramatise
tuipalc: duplicate
ertuips: disrepute
eeerfcn: deference
ettuabn: debutante
euoaggm: demagogue
eoopscm: decompose
iiislvb: divisible
ertyadh: dehydrate
eetifcv: defective
ertaacm: demarcate
uiisffv: diffusive
rtiiisg: dirigiste
ripaasg: disparage
ertiicv: directive
eriaslb: desirable
rtipaas: disparate
riasghc: discharge
wtoasgn: downstage
ioacnnm: dominance
eertasc: desecrate
eetipcv: deceptive
riiiglb: dirigible
tiaslnm: dismantle
etaalbb: debatable
eiiglcn: diligence
eetticv: detective
etiisgv: digestive
eetuusd: desuetude
etuidcv: deductive
eiaflbn: definable
eertinm: determine
euidlcb: deducible
ertiilc: decilitre
eaalcbn: danceable
ertiagn: denigrate
erialvb: derivable
eeisfvn: defensive
eipassl: displease
eetialn: delineate
eertpac: deprecate
eriaklm: dreamlike
eiasggn: disengage
errtupa: departure
eiadlcb: decidable
etiasgn: designate
riippan: drainpipe
eertpas: desperate
eeadccn: decadence
tuiossl: dissolute
etttuis: destitute
ruiossc: discourse
10
eeisflbn: defensible
eiiaslcm: decimalise
etttialn: dilettante
iopasslb: disposable
eeertagn: degenerate
eiidffcn: diffidence
rioppasv: disapprove
eeiislvb: disbelieve
ruioasgc: discourage
ruiisscv: discursive
eriipssv: dispersive
yiaslllb: disyllable
riiodhlc: dichloride
tiioassc: dissociate
tuipaslb: disputable
eettalcb: detectable
ettiaacv: deactivate
erioaslm: demoralise
eeertalc: decelerate
eeerrtcn: deterrence
eiasglbn: designable
eerigcvn: divergence
uiipsdhl: disulphide
eeripssv: depressive
eetallcb: delectable
etaafllb: deflatable
etaahlcb: detachable
ettipaac: decapitate
eettaslb: detestable
iiisssvm: dismissive
ettiialb: debilitate
iiipslcn: discipline
eipaslcb: despicable
eertuagl: deregulate
ioasscnn: dissonance
etuidlcb: deductible
eeeerpfz: deepfreeze
ertioacv: decorative
eeriffcn: difference
eraadglb: degradable
eiissdcn: dissidence
eropallb: deplorable
eriisscv: disservice
tuiiivnm: diminutive
ertiiavv: derivative
ruiosslc: disclosure
wrriadgb: drawbridge
eoolcvvn: deconvolve
etiiifvn: definitive
eeepdcnn: dependence
ttiiasll: distillate
eepadlbn: dependable
eertialb: deliberate
rttuiisb: distribute
eetuglbn: dungbeetle
etiisglb: digestible
rtuiipsv: disruptive
eertipac: depreciate
eroaflbm: deformable
11
ertyoaslb: destroyable
uiassslcb: discussable
eerttianm: determinate
iiissslbm: dismissible
eriislcbn: discernible
ioaasglbn: diagnosable
eiassslbm: disassemble
eriaslcbb: describable
eeriallvb: deliverable
tuiisjcvn: disjunctive
eruipassl: displeasure
iioaasgln: diagonalise
ertiaalcv: declarative
riopaslvb: disprovable
eertuipdc: decrepitude
qetuioshc: discotheque
etiiasslb: destabilise
etiiassnm: disseminate
ertiipscv: descriptive
eerrttioa: deteriorate
riioassgn: disorganise
rtuiascbn: disturbance
ttiiiscvn: distinctive
yipaasllb: displayable
tiiipassv: dissipative
etiasglnn: disentangle
rrtiioacn: doctrinaire
erttuiscv: destructive
eetiasgnm: demagnetise
erttoasnm: demonstrate
errttioac: directorate
eipasslbn: dispensable
qetuuiisd: disquietude
eerialcvn: deliverance
rioasdccn: discordance
etuoalbnm: demountable
tuiioscnn: discontinue
12
eetiaaffcn: decaffeinate
ertiaasggg: disaggregate
eertiaslcn: decentralise
tiaaasdgvn: disadvantage
tuioaslcbn: discountable
tiiiaasffl: disaffiliate
ertuipaslb: disreputable
iiiashlbnm: diminishable
eoopaslcbm: decomposable
ertoaslbnm: demonstrable
riiassfhcn: disfranchise
eertiialvb: deliberative
rttuiiisvb: distributive
rtiiiascnm: discriminate
erttiiasgn: disintegrate
eertialbnm: determinable
eeertiagvn: degenerative
eeripahlcb: decipherable
tiiioasscv: dissociative
tiioaasssc: disassociate
etiiiscvnn: disincentive
erioaslcvb: discoverable
tuiiaasgbm: disambiguate
rtuiiosfcm: discomfiture
tiooasslcn: disconsolate
eeerttasfn: defenestrate
eeiiosdcbn: disobedience
eeriaasglb: disagreeable
13
eertiiaaslm: dematerialise
ruiooashlbn: dishonourable
ertiiasdlcb: discreditable
eerttiiavnm: determinative
rttuiiaslbb: distributable
eerttiiaffn: differentiate
eriiiaslcnm: decriminalise
erippaaascn: disappearance
erttioasvnm: demonstrative
tiiopaasssn: dispassionate
14
eertiiafflbn: differentiable
erttuiosccvn: deconstructive
rtiiiiascvnm: discriminative
tuiioasccnnn: discontinuance
eriiassfhcnn: disenfranchise
15
tuiiiassghlbn: distinguishable
16
rrttiioooppasn: disproportionate

db
11
euaaddfnm: deafanddumb
8
roookn: doorknob
3
a: dab
u: dub
e: deb
4
um: dumb
ru: drub
ua: daub
ra: drab
7
rtuis: disturb

dc
3
o: doc
4
is: disc
6
erim: dermic
yiad: dyadic
7
yianm: dynamic
rtias: drastic
eionm: demonic
etiom: demotic
8
etiiab: diabetic
rtiaam: dramatic
eettii: dietetic
tioagm: dogmatic
tiiadc: didactic
eioanm: daemonic
eyislx: dyslexic
iioalb: diabolic
tyiasn: dynastic
tiioan: diatonic
ertuii: diuretic
tiioam: diatomic
tyialc: dactylic
etiosm: domestic
etiops: despotic
9
ertiiam: diametric
tiioasl: diastolic
eioaggm: demagogic
riiophm: dimorphic
ertiidn: dendritic
etiialc: dialectic
tuiiasl: dualistic
etyipps: dyspeptic
10
tiiopalm: diplomatic
tiioasgn: diagnostic
yiiasllb: disyllabic
ertioacm: democratic
eertiilc: dielectric
riioahcn: diachronic
11
iiopaasnm: dipsomaniac
eriopaghm: demographic
12
rtiiaaagmm: diagrammatic
13
rtiipaaaghm: diaphragmatic
eerttiiisnm: deterministic
14
eeeertiisllc: dieselelectric

da
4
iv: diva
ta: data
5
ahc: dacha
ian: diana
agg: dagga
ram: drama
ogm: dogma
ogn: donga
etl: delta
6
aagm: dagama
iahl: dahlia
7
rahcm: drachma
eeasd: deadsea
eilmm: dilemma
ioplm: diploma
eeeps: deepsea
rualc: dracula
8
eyislx: dyslexia
eetinm: dementia
riopas: diaspora
erriah: diarrhea
9
eyippss: dyspepsia
errioah: diarrhoea
10
iiopasnm: dipsomania
ertiiphh: diphtheria
eertiasd: desiderata
11
eeroaddhc: dodecahedra
eriiiaslb: desirabilia

dx
3
u: dux
5
eto: detox
6
eupl: duplex

dy
3
a: day
r: dry
4
we: dewy
en: deny
ad: dday
ul: duly
og: dogy
ef: defy
ra: dray
oz: dozy
tu: duty
op: dopy
5
all: dally
usk: dusky
rti: dirty
tti: ditty
tto: dotty
ria: dairy, diary
ial: daily
ryl: dryly
won: downy
wro: dowry
aff: daffy
ull: dully
uhc: duchy
add: daddy
eop: dopey
adn: dandy
ign: dingy
izz: dizzy
odg: dodgy
ias: daisy
tus: dusty
eal: delay
oll: dolly
eac: decay
erc: decry
umm: dummy
iol: doily
wod: dowdy
ogg: doggy
ikn: dinky
eoc: decoy
upm: dumpy
ill: dilly
ilm: dimly
ril: drily
eic: dicey
ish: dishy
era: deary
erb: derby
eif: deify
eti: deity
6
eraf: defray
eadl: deadly
wros: drowsy
erra: dreary
eram: dreamy
ulbm: dumbly
eril: direly
ripp: drippy
palm: damply
iasm: dismay
eepl: deeply
uall: dually
rtaf: drafty
eopl: deploy
ruol: dourly
eral: dearly
rakl: darkly
etfl: deftly
tian: dainty
uolb: doubly
eeaj: deejay
etup: deputy
erss: dressy
ighn: dinghy
rops: dropsy
eokn: donkey
roop: droopy
7
eoahm: dahomey
eeccn: decency
uoopl: duopoly
wrooa: doorway
rripd: dripdry
iilzz: dizzily
rilzz: drizzly
tuisl: dustily
iafnm: damnify
eiosb: disobey
erilv: devilry
etahl: deathly
eeran: deanery
ertia: dietary
tyasn: dynasty
tiign: dignity
rtiil: dirtily
ertos: destroy
eesln: densely
tuial: duality
eadlz: dazedly
iifgn: dignify
ipasl: display
errpa: drapery
etisn: density, destiny
tuogh: doughty
8
aalbnm: damnably
tiialn: daintily
errudg: drudgery
eialcc: delicacy
eiollc: docilely
eerulm: demurely
eetlcn: decently
rtioal: dilatory
eiacvn: deviancy
ertilc: directly
tuiisn: disunity
rtuagh: draughty
etiofx: detoxify
etiilb: debility
tiiivn: divinity
erroll: drollery
eerilv: delivery
riagln: daringly
eodggl: doggedly
etuolv: devoutly
wriosl: drowsily
roacnm: dormancy
errios: derisory
tiiolc: docility
oosdgb: dogsbody
eiilvn: divinely
tiasll: distally
iasllm: dismally
weriav: driveway
ooasdm: doomsday
eoaggm: demagogy
roasll: dorsally
wopaln: downplay
errial: drearily
rriaas: disarray
erialm: dreamily
9
ttiasln: distantly
uuioslb: dubiously
ertiahm: diathermy
rtaasdl: dastardly
eriisfv: diversify
etyisfm: demystify
tiiagll: digitally
euioslv: deviously
eerislv: diversely
ertipav: depravity
euoflll: dolefully
iaglnnm: damningly
roafgln: dragonfly
rtyopsh: dystrophy
rrtioom: dormitory
errtioc: directory
erttisn: dentistry
iopalcm: diplomacy
eriaslb: desirably
erroadm: dromedary
rtiipas: disparity
eruklnn: drunkenly
tuuifll: dutifully
rtiiagn: dignitary
eetodlv: devotedly
eroaccm: democracy
eiaflbn: definably
erioscv: discovery
tuiiplc: duplicity
ertiisv: diversity
ertiofm: deformity
ertuosl: desultory
eeiddlc: decidedly
eerttix: dexterity
eertysn: dysentery
etiafln: defiantly
etiilcv: declivity
tioohcm: dichotomy
10
rioopgln: droopingly
rtiioacn: dictionary
eoooglnm: demonology
tiiasssf: dissatisfy
eropaghm: demography
tyioasll: disloyalty
erriosdl: disorderly
eeetdlnm: dementedly
eettaslb: detestably
tioalnnm: dominantly
etiiglln: diligently
etiosshn: dishonesty
eeersdlv: deservedly
ioaaglln: diagonally
wwroadln: downwardly
eetiallc: delicately
ttiislcn: distinctly
errtooag: derogatory
eeiislcv: decisively
eetiifln: definitely
yiiglzzn: dizzyingly
tiiiaslb: disability
eipaslcb: despicably
eeiifccn: deficiency
eertislc: discreetly, discretely
eruooslc: decorously
rtuiialb: durability
iagllzzn: dazzlingly
ertuoslx: dextrously
ertoaafm: defamatory
tuiifflc: difficulty
eropallb: deplorably
ertiopas: depositary
eettalcb: detectably
eeeragcn: degeneracy
eeisdgln: designedly
eeruahcb: debauchery
eeepdcnn: dependency
eiishllv: devilishly
tuuofllb: doubtfully
eeriislv: derisively
eeetdjlc: dejectedly
eripassn: dispensary
tuioglbn: doubtingly
ertiisll: distillery
iaagglnm: damagingly
rioashnm: disharmony
tuiaglnn: dauntingly
ertioops: depository
eruadfll: dreadfully
quiiasfl: disqualify
11
riopasghc: discography
rtiaasllc: drastically
eriislcbn: discernibly
eiassslbm: disassembly
qeeuilcnn: delinquency
riiioalcm: domiciliary
etiosshln: dishonestly
ertuoacnm: documentary
rtioallcn: doctrinally
eerrtopac: deprecatory
eeertpasl: desperately
ettiioscm: domesticity
ertooaglm: dermatology
etiidffln: diffidently
etuossllb: doubtlessly
riiasglnm: disarmingly
eeeisflvn: defensively
eruiiosll: deliriously
yiaallcnm: dynamically
tuiiisffv: diffusivity
eeopsdcnn: despondency
eripasccn: discrepancy
eruoasgln: dangerously
euiiosllc: deliciously
errtoaalc: declaratory
eetidghll: delightedly
eeetiplcv: deceptively
ertoaalcm: declamatory
eertiffln: differently
ertuiossc: discourtesy
eertuoslx: dexterously
eertiacnm: determinacy
ertuiosll: desultorily
eeiafglnn: deafeningly
eeruoaggm: demagoguery
etuissdgl: disgustedly
eetuidlcv: deductively
12
ertiiiaslb: desirability
rtuiisglbn: disturbingly
etiiiadlcb: decidability
eertiialvv: derivatively
rtiaaallcm: dramatically
eeriasglcn: decreasingly
eriipasgln: despairingly
ertoaslbnm: demonstrably
erttiasdlc: distractedly
iioaalllcb: diabolically
eeertiallb: deliberately
eertioalcv: decoratively
ertuiipslv: disruptively
tiiiiislvb: divisibility
eerttiosnm: densitometry
eiiissslvm: dismissively
riiipaslcn: disciplinary
eruiisslcv: discursively
eeripssgln: depressingly
uiiasdflln: disdainfully
eeriipsslv: dispersively
ertioaafln: deflationary
tuiissggln: disgustingly
etuifghlll: delightfully
eetopsdlnn: despondently
etioasllcm: domestically
tioaagllcm: dogmatically
etiiosdjln: disjointedly
eeertidlnm: determinedly
rtuioasssl: disastrously
eyiaslllxc: dyslexically
ertiiipsdl: dispiritedly
erriioasvn: diversionary
eetiiiflvn: definitively
eeriaasglb: disagreeably
13
errtiioascn: discretionary
eetiiisflbn: defensibility
ertiiaallcm: diametrically
eertipaglcn: deprecatingly
eeerttialnm: determinately
ertiisssgln: distressingly
rttiioaallc: dictatorially
eeertuiosll: deleteriously
eeertiaflln: deferentially
rttuuissfll: distrustfully
rtiiiiasslm: dissimilarity
eerttuislcv: destructively
rttiiasglcn: distractingly
ertiioallcn: directionally
eertiipslcv: descriptively
riipaasggln: disparagingly
tuiiipallcb: duplicability
eruiasfgllc: disgracefully
eiioasllnnm: dimensionally
eetttiialcb: detectability
ettiiislcvn: distinctively
ruiooashlbn: dishonourably
ttuiiioscnn: discontinuity
ettuiassfll: distastefully
etiiaalllcc: dialectically
ettiaasglvn: devastatingly
eetiipadlbn: dependability
eerttiallnm: detrimentally
14
erttiiioalcn: directionality
tiiopaalllcm: diplomatically
ruiioasgglcn: discouragingly
etiooassllcn: disconsolately
eeiiisgllvbn: disbelievingly
eerttpaallnm: departmentally
etiiioaslnnm: dimensionality
rrtiiioascnm: discriminatory
ertioaallccm: democratically
ertuuioosslc: discourteously
euuiiossglnn: disingenuously
tiioaasgllcn: diagnostically
etiiioasslcv: dissociatively
eettiosdlcnn: discontentedly
rtttuiiiisvb: distributivity
riioppasglvn: disapprovingly
eertiiafflln: differentially
15
eriopaaghllcm: demographically
tiiioppasglnn: disappointingly
tuiiiassghlbn: distinguishably
eeetopalllvnm: developmentally
ertiiosglccnn: disconcertingly
eertuipssfllc: disrespectfully
eeerttiissdln: disinterestedly
eerttioaslvnm: demonstratively
etiiopaasssln: dispassionately
ttuiiioaslcbn: discountability
tuuiioosslcnn: discontinuously
16
rtiiaaaagllcmm: diagrammatically
erroooodghlcnn: dendrochronology
17
rrtiioooppaslln: disproportionally
etuioaaassdglvn: disadvantageously
eerttiiiasllcnm: deterministically
eerttiiiiafflbn: differentiability
18
errttiioooppasln: disproportionately

dw
3
e: dew
4
er: drew
ra: draw
oh: dhow
7
ioasv: disavow
8
ioasll: disallow
13
ertuiaaghln: daughterinlaw
14
ertuiaasghln: daughtersinlaw

dt
3
o: dot
4
on: dont
en: dent
ei: diet
af: daft
ef: deft
us: dust
eb: debt
ol: dolt
ra: dart, drat
in: dint
eu: duet
ri: dirt
uc: duct
5
raf: draft
eis: deist
eal: dealt
iov: divot
eub: debut
idn: didnt
uob: doubt
iig: digit
eib: debit
uan: daunt
rif: drift
wel: dwelt
euv: duvet
uon: donut
eop: depot
6
eisg: digest
eulc: dulcet
eriv: divert
eism: demist
eram: dreamt
eris: direst, driest
wiim: dimwit
eefc: defect
erpa: depart
eisv: divest
eiss: desist
eudc: deduct
erop: deport
eilc: delict
easl: desalt
eops: despot
yasn: dynast
eric: direct
eers: desert
eenm: dement
eejc: deject
eipc: depict
eeic: deceit
eets: detest
uuog: dugout
euov: devout
eetn: detent
tiak: diktat
eetc: detect
eecn: decent
eeaf: defeat
eokc: docket
eacn: decant
eosn: doesnt
7
ruoop: dropout
eissc: dissect
eeasf: deafest
easkn: dankest
ruagh: draught
rtios: distort
eascn: descant
euolb: doublet
eusbm: dumbest
erask: darkest
eiisc: diciest
riias: diarist
eiifc: deficit
eragn: dragnet
euafl: default
uiasl: dualist
eerim: demerit
ruogh: drought
eessn: densest
roanm: dormant
eoocv: dovecot
epasm: dampest
eiilm: delimit
euiln: diluent
eismm: dimmest
eropl: droplet
eescn: descent
erypc: decrypt
etasf: daftest
eighl: delight
euonm: demount
eiafn: defiant
iascn: discant
eeras: dearest
eissn: dissent
eufcn: defunct
uissg: disgust
eiops: deposit
ruips: disrupt
eiavn: deviant
eeflc: deflect
rooam: doormat
tiasn: distant
erosf: defrost
eerss: dessert
eeeps: deepest
eusll: dullest
eialc: dialect
etisn: dentist
ertio: detroit
ertac: detract
8
eeripc: decrepit
ertiis: dirtiest
weiosd: dowdiest
eeadcn: decadent
rtuasc: dustcart
tiiscn: distinct
euisll: duellist
uiosnm: dismount
rtiasc: distract
eiigln: diligent
eerilc: derelict
iiosjn: disjoint
yiaghl: daylight
qeuiis: disquiet
eeaadb: deadbeat
uioscn: discount
iofggh: dogfight
eeopnn: deponent
riaffc: diffract
iopalm: diplomat
eroacm: democrat
euocnm: document
eiiszz: dizziest
eiisgn: dingiest
eruabm: drumbeat
uisjcn: disjunct
uuoghn: doughnut
rtiisc: district
ioannm: dominant
weoabn: downbeat
ruisgg: druggist
erosll: drollest
ertusc: destruct
etuabn: debutant
woascn: downcast
eiisvn: divinest
eerisc: discreet
rtuiss: distrust
rooops: doorpost
9
erooadn: deodorant
eeerfnm: deferment
etiiasn: daintiest
eeiifcn: deficient
eriisdc: discredit
eeilvnm: devilment
eiosshn: dishonest
eiissdn: dissident
eeertgn: detergent
eeercnm: decrement
rtiaasm: dramatist
eiisfcn: disinfect
eeriasm: dreamiest
eerigvn: divergent
eiidffn: diffident
iiosfcm: discomfit
eerrias: dreariest
erioops: droopiest
eriiosn: disorient
uiifflc: difficult
eiissvn: disinvest
tuipasn: disputant
eertinm: detriment
eeiasdl: deadliest
werioss: drowsiest
eeriffn: different
eeerrtn: deterrent
wrioghn: downright
eepadnn: dependant
eeadfnn: defendant
ioassnn: dissonant
eeepdnn: dependent
eetiasf: defeatist
tioasgm: dogmatist
10
eriosccn: disconcert
eriiishn: disinherit
qeeuilnn: delinquent
iioppasn: disappoint
eerpassn: depressant
eeyoplnm: deployment
eeeasbnm: debasement
eeeiflnm: defilement
rioasdcn: discordant
eeripssc: disrespect
eripascn: discrepant
rioosfcm: discomfort
eeesdcnn: descendent
eiosccnn: disconnect
eeeuonnm: denouement
rtuiasgh: distraught
eeopsdnn: despondent
eerialnm: derailment
eertpanm: department
eetahcnm: detachment
eripassn: dispersant
etioscnn: discontent
eeasdcnn: descendant
eertopnm: deportment
11
eeeragnnm: derangement
ertuosccn: deconstruct
eertiissn: disinterest
eeriscnnm: discernment
eriaasnmm: disarmament
eeeoplvnm: development
eeiaslbnm: disablement
eiasdbnnm: disbandment
eruoadghn: dreadnought
eertiisnm: determinist
eeiiosdbn: disobedient
ertuiasgh: draughtiest
eertiannm: determinant
12
eeipaslcnm: displacement
etiiasfcnn: disinfectant
eeeriasgnm: disagreement
eeeriphcnm: decipherment
eeruissbnm: disbursement
qeeeuislcn: deliquescent
riiiascnnm: discriminant
13
eeripaasgnm: disparagement
eeeiasggnnm: disengagement
eetiissvnnm: disinvestment
eeerisbnmmm: dismemberment
eeiiosdbnmm: disembodiment
eeruiisfgnm: disfigurement
ertiooasglm: dermatologist
14
etiioppasnnm: disappointment
eetiashcnnnm: disenchantment
eeruioasgcnm: discouragement
eertuisglnnm: disgruntlement
weeeioslbnmm: disembowelment
15
euiiiossllnnm: disillusionment
16
eetiiassshlbnm: disestablishment
17
erttuiioossccnn: deconstructionist
18
eeeriiassfhcnnnm: disenfranchisement

du
6
aahc: dachau

dr
2
: dr
3
o: dor
4
oo: door
eo: doer
ee: deer
ea: dear
uo: dour
ey: dyer
5
eoc: decor
eum: demur
ian: dinar
eiv: diver
eet: deter
eab: debar
era: drear
ery: dryer
aak: dakar
eov: dover
oon: donor
eef: defer
eim: dimer
eri: drier
ein: diner
6
erom: dormer
etih: dither
eriv: driver
erta: darter
erak: darker
eull: duller
eubm: dumber
oall: dollar
eupm: dumper
eiop: dopier
etuo: detour
erov: drover
etob: debtor
epam: damper
einn: dinner
eiov: devoir
eera: dearer
etus: duster
euab: dauber
etaf: dafter
tooc: doctor
weos: dowser
eiff: differ
eipa: diaper
eagg: dagger
eeep: deeper
eeif: defier
eipp: dipper
eioz: dozier
eagn: danger
eein: denier
euov: devour
eevn: denver
eeti: dieter
eimm: dimmer
eeal: dealer
euik: duiker
eodg: dodger
eetf: defter
eead: deader
eeaf: deafer
erpa: draper
eppa: dapper
eokc: docker
eesn: denser
eacn: dancer
wera: drawer
eekc: decker
eigg: digger
7
eerdg: dredger
erill: driller
ealzz: dazzler
eeasb: debaser
etuil: diluter
eerss: dresser
eeull: dueller
erikn: drinker
weiod: dowdier
erukn: drunker
eiodg: dodgier
iopal: dipolar
eiish: dishier
erian: drainer
eeafm: defamer
eetab: debater
euisk: duskier
eropp: dropper
eeodc: decoder
eeram: dreamer
erumm: drummer
eiidv: divider
ertif: drifter
etuis: dustier
iiosv: divisor
eioss: dossier
eiizz: dizzier
eroll: droller
weell: dweller
eeifn: definer
eipas: despair
eeidc: decider
eeetl: deleter
eeilv: deliver
eiign: dingier
ertii: dirtier
etuob: doubter
eeisv: deviser
eiall: dialler
ealbb: dabbler
weoag: dowager
tioal: dilator
ertaf: drafter
eiivn: diviner
8
ertiaf: draftier
eetian: detainer
eiopss: disposer
eeisgn: designer
uioasn: dinosaur
erioop: droopier
etiass: disaster
etiian: daintier
eeiadl: deadlier
werios: drowsier
eeriam: dreamier
weeofl: deflower
eeetts: detester
wuoopn: downpour
eeiphc: decipher
eeedfn: defender
eerria: drearier
eeruov: devourer
eeetaf: defeater
eetiam: diameter
etuagh: daughter
eettoc: detector
ttioac: dictator
eioscv: discover
erilbb: dribbler
eeerts: deserter
eetisg: digester
eeadnm: demander
eriosd: disorder
eertpa: departer
eioabn: debonair
eriasm: disarmer
eetacn: decanter
eeecbm: december
eetofc: defector
eeuggb: debugger
ertioc: director
eooodg: dogooder
eeralc: declarer
eeeicv: deceiver
euilcm: dulcimer
etiisn: disinter
eeionm: domineer
euisff: diffuser
9
eiahkcc: deckchair
etiiisg: digitiser
eippaas: disappear
erttios: distorter
uiooshn: dishonour
eeerilv: deliverer
eetuafl: defaulter
eetissn: dissenter
etiisll: distiller
eeesdcn: descender
eeuoanm: demeanour
eeeoplv: developer
ettooan: detonator
rtuiops: disruptor
wetiash: dishwater
eeripss: disperser
uioasfv: disfavour
erttoac: detractor
eertyos: destroyer
eeisbmm: dismember
eetiilm: delimiter
eeriscb: describer
eriipas: disrepair
eetoflc: deflector
uiooslc: discolour
ertooac: decorator
etiossc: dissector
eeipssn: dispenser
eetipsm: distemper
eipaslc: displacer
10
etioascc: desiccator
eeioshlm: demolisher
eiiaslcm: disclaimer
ertiopsc: descriptor
weiasshh: dishwasher
ertuiagh: draughtier
eerioscv: discoverer
eerasskm: dressmaker
eeeroopk: doorkeeper
etioasgn: designator
eeertinm: determiner
etipashc: dispatcher
tuiopalc: duplicator
iiiasslm: dissimilar
11
rttuiiosb: distributor
eeeiislvb: disbeliever
eeertaskl: deerstalker
etiooannm: denominator
eeropaghm: demographer
etuooadlm: demodulator
12
ertuiialcv: diverticular
eeeuodklcb: doubledecker
eeiassslbm: disassembler
erttooasnm: demonstrator
eeuiiidfhm: dehumidifier
13
ertiioafllb: defibrillator
rtiiioascnm: discriminator

ds
4
on: dons
we: dews
ab: dabs
ei: dies
ad: dads
oh: dohs
ya: days
ip: dips
eu: dues
to: dots
am: dams
eo: does
og: dogs
ey: dyes
en: dens
im: dims
oc: docs
ia: dais
ud: duds
ig: digs
ub: dubs
5
rag: drags
rta: darts
roo: doors
ran: darns
anm: damns
erg: dregs
rti: dirts
etb: debts
rip: drips
ery: dyers
ual: duals
rop: drops
won: downs
eol: doles
wan: dawns
ros: dross
eos: doses
ell: dells
wra: draws
eud: dudes
eyk: dykes
rum: drums
rya: drays
tin: dints
eop: dopes
eul: duels
eri: dries
iav: divas
esk: desks
ial: dials
eov: doves
eam: dames
eal: dales, deals
ukc: ducks
ean: danes, deans
oom: dooms
oll: dolls
tus: dusts
rug: drugs
eag: degas
okc: docks
upm: dumps
eoz: dozes
tuc: ducts
etu: duets
ero: doers
eog: doges
euk: dukes
eiv: dives
eim: dimes
ers: dress
ekc: decks
eep: deeps
eom: domes
pam: damps
eem: deems
eun: dunes
eic: dices
eta: dates
era: dares, dears
ull: dulls
isc: discs
eed: deeds
eik: dikes
eti: diets
etn: dents
eto: dotes
eup: dupes
ein: dines
6
erad: dreads
erab: debars
tiig: digits
eilv: devils
uogh: doughs
erus: duress
eram: dreams
iavn: divans
etib: debits
eroc: decors
erin: diners
erry: dryers
erim: dermis, dimers
uisc: discus
erig: dirges
tuob: doubts
eozn: dozens
erib: debris
einm: denims
etis: deists
eyoc: decoys
erov: droves
eonm: demons
eelv: delves
weol: dowels
eerf: defers
eash: dashes
rikn: drinks
rukn: drunks
eyon: doyens
etui: duties
eriv: divers, drives
eert: deters
etuv: duvets
wral: drawls
rtaf: drafts
etal: deltas
iogn: doings
etah: deaths
rian: dinars, drains
oagm: dogmas
eyal: delays
eein: denies
eeif: defies
etub: debuts
etph: depths
eyac: decays
erum: demurs
roop: droops
rtif: drifts
etop: depots
aall: dallas
eiod: diodes
eish: dishes
rool: drools
eobm: demobs
eugb: debugs
rill: drills
raam: dramas
erpa: drapes
tiov: divots
tuan: daunts
roon: donors
eeuc: deuces
ruid: druids
eucn: dunces
well: dwells
eodg: dodges
eacn: dances
eron: drones
erak: drakes
wron: drowns
erri: driers
wraf: dwarfs
7
eerdg: dredges
ioanm: domains
eeudn: denudes
eeudl: deludes
oasnm: damsons
werio: dowries
tuuog: dugouts
eerss: dresses
etokc: dockets
eetjc: dejects
eeadn: deadens
epanm: dampens
eeadc: decades
wiosn: disowns
erilv: drivels
eikcn: dickens
eeudc: deduces
eioll: dollies
euolb: doubles
eetup: deputes
werav: dwarves
erisg: digress
euasg: degauss
easlm: damsels
tyasn: dynasts
eadnm: demands
eeidc: decides
eeetl: deletes
etihc: ditches
ertop: deports
ertpa: departs
errom: dormers
errta: darters
eeobn: debones
eeilc: deciles
ettii: ditties
eeiif: deifies
uuiob: dubious
ertus: dusters
erudg: drudges
eracn: dancers
erokc: dockers
erakn: darkens
etacn: decants
weera: drawees
eiplm: dimples
eeafc: defaces
eeafm: defames
eeafn: deafens
ertuo: detours
ertob: debtors
iaahl: dahlias
eiass: dassies
eagln: dangles
eukbn: debunks
eeanm: demeans
riasb: disbars
ttiak: diktats
tiisl: distils
eeugl: deluges
riasm: disarms
eeifl: defiles
erriv: drivers
eeifn: defines
eerts: deserts
etops: despots
uissc: discuss
eoacn: deacons
erimm: dimmers
eedfn: defends
eerta: derates
etism: demists
tioam: diatoms
tioak: dakoits
erysn: dryness
erigg: diggers
eipsl: dispels
ealzz: dazzles
eisnm: dimness
iissm: dismiss
eriia: dairies, diaries
eeicv: devices
eetic: deceits
euihc: duchies
eoasg: dosages
eetii: deities
weros: dowsers, drowses
iioxn: dioxins
eetab: debates
eetaf: defeats
roall: dollars
roagn: dragons
erodg: dodgers
werra: drawers
eodgm: dodgems
yoadg: dogdays
eiidv: divides
yiasm: dismays
euimm: dummies
etuil: dilutes
eisgn: designs
eeepn: deepens
etoan: donates
eyokn: donkeys
eruov: devours
errov: drovers
tyalc: dactyls
etudc: deducts
errpa: drapers
eripa: diapers
eiopl: dipoles
eeism: demises
eeisl: diesels
eiias: daisies
eyopl: deploys
eppal: dapples
eoanm: daemons
eoodl: doodles
eyign: dyeings
eiial: dailies
eerib: derbies
eeric: decries
eeria: dearies
eragn: dangers
eerid: derides
eetts: detests
eerin: deniers
eragg: daggers
etipc: depicts
etian: detains
eeris: desires
etial: details, dilates
etisg: digests
eeriv: derives
eeusf: defuses
eriff: differs
eettc: detects
eaagm: damages
eetov: devotes
erofm: deforms
eeodc: decodes
eeral: dealers
erpam: dampers
eiadd: daddies
erinn: dinners
eeton: denotes
eetom: demotes
eiadn: dandies
eusln: dulness
eiadm: diadems
eepdn: depends
eushc: duchess
ertic: directs
eerps: depress
eeerg: degrees
ertii: dirties
ertih: dithers
eetfc: defects
eeerc: decrees
eeisv: devises
ertiv: diverts
eialn: denials
ealbb: dabbles
erial: derails
rtooc: doctors
euiov: devious
eiivn: divines
8
ertosf: defrosts
erilbb: dribbles
uigkcn: duckings
eetiab: diabetes
etuolb: doublets
yipasl: displays
epasnm: dampness
eetafl: deflates
eetiav: deviates
eeersv: deserves
ruoool: dolorous
tiiocn: dictions
etighl: delights
eeiznn: denizens
weropd: dewdrops
eiagln: dealings
eeeasc: deceases
uipahn: dauphins
errtif: drifters
riagln: darlings
eeepsn: deepness
eialmm: dilemmas
eeradg: degrades
iopalm: diplomas
etasfn: daftness
raahcm: drachmas
eripas: despairs
etiifc: deficits
eeasfn: deafness
eiighn: dinghies
eeropl: deplores
wryooa: doorways
eruiis: diuresis
uaascm: damascus
etopsk: desktops
eeralc: declares
rtuisb: disturbs
eerisn: direness
ettiac: dictates
etialc: dialects
eriivn: driveins
ertuox: dextrous
eerigv: diverges
eeipss: despises
eiaslb: disables
eealcb: debacles
eeripv: deprives
eusbnm: dumbness
weerll: dwellers
eialcm: decimals, declaims
rtuagh: draughts
etiilm: delimits
eriadh: diehards
eetuip: deputies
yiacnm: dynamics
rtuoop: dropouts
eeualv: devalues
eetflc: deflects
eetahc: detaches
weidln: dwindles
weroag: dowagers
rtuogh: droughts
eeasdn: deadness
riaagm: diagrams
etuips: disputes
erttui: detritus
eerodc: decoders
ertopl: droplets
yiiasl: dialysis
eruosn: dourness
erilzz: drizzles
riasdc: discards
etiops: deposits
erualb: durables
etiodl: deltoids
eriidv: dividers
etuafl: defaults
eetsfn: deftness
ertiss: distress
eiodgm: demigods
eerasn: dearness
eeilcn: declines
eiiodx: dioxides
ruodlm: doldrums
eeesfn: defenses
ettisn: dentists
eeilcb: decibels
eeefcn: defences
etiavn: deviants
eertss: desserts
eerhcn: drenches
eetscn: descents
ertypc: decrypts
ertyos: destroys
erttac: detracts
uiaslm: dualisms
riiosv: divisors
tuisbn: dustbins
errtaf: drafters
eruios: desirous
rtuips: disrupts
eeoplv: develops
etissc: dissects
eerrss: dressers
eerpav: depraves
ruadll: dullards
eeetov: devotees
tuissg: disgusts
euognn: dungeons
rtooam: doormats
euslln: dullness
rttios: distorts
riosdc: discords
euodkm: dukedoms
eeeicv: deceives
eertaf: draftees
eertab: debaters
iasdbn: disbands
ertuob: doubters
eriscn: discerns
eertun: dentures
eeiass: diseases
ioadnm: diamonds
errikn: drinkers
eerull: duellers
erasbn: drabness
eraskn: darkness
eriocv: divorces
ripagh: digraphs
eiiskl: dislikes
iophln: dolphins
eerilv: delivers
eruooc: decorous
euiglv: divulges
errumm: drummers
eerrid: deriders
eiopss: disposes
rooagn: dragoons
eyiosb: disobeys
erioss: dossiers
eerram: dreamers
eoagcn: decagons
wriagn: drawings
eruadf: defrauds
eesdcn: descends
iigggn: diggings
ertiop: dioptres
euisff: diffuses
9
uigklcn: ducklings
eiosslv: dissolves
weryiav: driveways
rruadkn: drunkards
eeerdfn: defenders
eeoascn: deaconess
eerruov: devourers
euisssc: discusses
rtiaacm: dramatics
eiosslc: discloses
eeriasg: disagrees
errtioc: directors
etiiacb: diabetics
eerishv: dervishes
euiiolc: delicious
eertiam: diameters
eertacn: decanters
eeessnn: denseness
rttioac: dictators
eeerasc: decreases
ertoops: doorsteps
euioagl: dialogues
eeuocnn: denounces
euuiodc: deciduous
eerisgn: designers
iiiosvn: divisions
oadklcn: docklands
tiopalm: diplomats
eerttoc: detectors
eiisssm: dismisses
eiosdgl: dislodges
eerripa: draperies
eetiadc: dedicates
wriognn: drownings
eipaslc: displaces
eettoan: detonates
eeraslm: dreamless
eiiszzn: dizziness
ertoacm: democrats
tiipskc: dipsticks
eerralc: declarers
rtooops: doorstops
tiofggh: dogfights
ertuabm: drumbeats
eiioscn: decisions
etyiasn: dynasties
rioppgn: droppings
etyusff: dyestuffs
eroollb: doorbells
iiaslcm: disclaims
uipglnm: dumplings
euiosln: delusions
ertuiic: diuretics
ertiass: disasters
wooadln: downloads
ryoadkc: dockyards
eetiisn: densities, destinies
eetashl: deathless
eiipslc: disciples
rtuioan: durations
tiiiagl: digitalis
eeriocv: divorcees
eryaadm: daydreams
etuiial: dualities
ertiisn: dirtiness
erissgn: dressings
iopassl: disposals
tuiosnm: dismounts
eeertop: deportees
eeertts: detesters
eertuox: dexterous
ioaagln: diagonals
etaaasb: databases
rtiaffc: diffracts
etuocnm: documents
wwroadn: downwards
ertiocn: doctrines
ettuabn: debutants
ettiosn: dottiness
eyislxc: dyslexics
eiiddvn: dividends
ertiiab: diatribes
eeetagl: delegates
eettisk: diskettes
eruoagn: dangerous
eertofc: defectors
eeripss: disperses
etioanm: dominates
wrtuonn: downturns
tuiioln: dilutions
eeetian: detainees
eeruggb: debuggers
eeriscb: describes
etuasln: dauntless
eetioln: deletions
etioovn: devotions
etuoslb: doubtless
erioscv: discovers
eoadklc: deadlocks
eriasgc: disgraces
rttiasc: distracts
euiissg: disguises
wioasll: disallows
rttiisc: districts
eeruagn: dungarees
wruoopn: downpours
eeerpss: depresses
weioppn: downpipes
tiooann: donations
tuioscn: discounts
eiohjnm: demijohns
eetuips: deputises
eruisff: diffusers
etioscm: domestics
tyiaghl: daylights
roookbn: doorknobs
wraakcb: drawbacks
eeriplx: diplexers
eeusshc: duchesses
eriopsv: disproves
eriopss: disposers
erriosd: disorders
eioasgn: diagnoses
euiassd: dissuades
erooodg: dogooders
eruiiol: delirious
eertidn: dendrites
ertuagh: daughters
ruioasn: dinosaurs
rttuiss: distrusts
eiisgnn: dinginess
etiascn: distances
iioonnm: dominions
eeiadln: deadlines
tuuoghn: doughnuts
rrooakm: darkrooms
etiiign: dignities
weiglln: dwellings
rioopsf: disproofs
iioasgn: diagnosis
eeipssn: dispenses
eertoac: decorates
woadlnn: downlands
etioalv: dovetails
ioadffl: daffodils
eeerrts: deserters
uuodfnm: dumfounds
10
eertipsm: distempers
eriippan: drainpipes
ruiooslc: discolours
etiiasnn: daintiness
wrtioasn: downstairs
eeuoaggm: demagogues
etiiopcn: depictions
ettiiian: dietitians
etiiosgn: digestions
eeerttgn: detergents
eerriasn: dreariness
eeioshlm: demolishes
uuodfbnm: dumbfounds
eertisss: distresses
uiopaahn: diaphanous
eeerticm: decimetres
eeersdcn: descenders
eeertcnm: decrements
eertissn: dissenters
eettuabn: debutantes
eertiscn: directness
rtuioass: disastrous
rtiiiacc: diacritics
eetpashc: despatches
erttooac: doctorates
eeertasc: desecrates
erttooan: detonators
eeoopscm: decomposes
eeeroplv: developers
etiissdn: dissidents
etioaslc: dislocates
ttioasgm: dogmatists
eertiagn: denigrates
etiaslnm: dismantles
eeosdggn: doggedness
eiiosnnm: dimensions
eertiilm: delimiters
eertoflc: deflectors
eetiofcn: defections
etiipass: dissipates
eeiialcc: delicacies
eeertpac: deprecates
eetiisgv: digestives
eeertinm: determines
tiopghhn: diphthongs
eetadfnn: defendants
eriahkcc: deckchairs
eiiishnm: diminishes
eettiocn: detections
eeerrttn: deterrents
eroadklc: dreadlocks
eerripss: dispersers
rtuiskcm: drumsticks
etiioavn: deviations
ertioops: depositors
etiiiivn: divinities
weroadgn: downgrades
eruiisfg: disfigures
rttiaasm: dramatists
errttoac: detractors
eeropscm: decompress
eeertubn: debentures
ruoadkcb: duckboards
etuiodcn: deductions
erttiiam: dermatitis
eerrislv: driverless
errtooac: decorators
eettionn: detentions
eioadlnn: dandelions
ertiiocn: directions
etioafln: defoliants
erriasdg: disregards
eeetialn: delineates
etiialcc: dialectics
ertiiisg: digitisers
eerrtyos: destroyers
eeetifcv: defectives
eriasghc: discharges
eruiossc: discourses
etipashc: dispatches
eetiopcn: deceptions
eeetticv: detectives
eertuafl: defaulters
etuipalc: duplicates
eetiasgn: designates
eerriscb: describers
eertiosn: desertions
etiiiacn: dieticians
ertiisdc: discredits
erippaas: disappears
ttuipasn: disputants
eiopssss: dispossess
rrtoaadb: dartboards
eeripssn: dispensers
ertiisll: distillers
eetpadnn: dependants
eriiosvn: diversions
eertiicv: directives
eeerrilv: deliverers
ertooadn: deodorants
eerrtupa: departures
eeeriilv: deliveries
eerisbmm: dismembers
iiassslm: dismissals
eetuosvn: devoutness
weriossn: drowsiness
ripaaghm: diaphragms
11
ertiooacn: decorations
etuuisfln: dutifulness
etiiiofnn: definitions
eettipaac: decapitates
weeioslbm: disembowels
ertiiipas: disparities
eerusknnn: drunkenness
eertiiofm: deformities
eruioasgc: discourages
ertiioavn: derivations
eertiiisv: diversities
ettioscnn: discontents
eruiosslc: disclosures
eettiaacv: deactivates
erioafgln: dragonflies
eeeriffcn: differences
etiioadcn: dedications
werriadgb: drawbridges
eeuiashnm: dehumanises
rtioosfcm: discomforts
rttiioosn: distortions
etiosccnn: disconnects
eetyoplnm: deployments
eeertuiol: deleterious
etuiiiplc: duplicities
eeriiisfv: diversifies
weriasshh: dishwashers
eerrasskm: dressmakers
erttuiisb: distributes
ettiooann: denotations, detonations
eeriioscv: discoveries
etiioolnm: demolitions
tiioasgcn: diagnostics
eruooslcb: doublecross
rtuiopalc: duplicators
eerioaccm: democracies
eriiaslcm: disclaimers
eeeertalc: decelerates
eettahcnm: detachments
eertpassn: depressants
rtuiiopsn: disruptions
tuiooohcm: dichotomous
eeeesflcn: defenceless
eeerroopk: doorkeepers
ertiiiagn: dignitaries
eetioflcn: deflections
erioppasv: disapproves
eertipssc: disrespects
eiiipslcn: disciplines
erooadhln: doorhandles
eeriopssn: depressions
eerrioadm: dromedaries
etiioohcm: dichotomies
eerrtiioc: directories
ertiooagn: derogations
etuiiivnm: diminutives
eeetosdvn: devotedness
eerrioscv: discoverers
euiiphlnm: delphiniums
eetasdcnn: descendants
tuuiioplc: duplicitous
ertioasgn: designators
eeeertagn: degenerates
ertipashc: dispatchers
ettuiopan: deputations
eertiilcc: dielectrics
errtiopsc: descriptors
eeioslcnn: declensions
etiiosscn: dissections
eioasscnn: dissonances
qeetuilnn: delinquents
eetttialn: dilettantes
eriiossgn: digressions
eriiopssn: dispersions
etiioopsn: depositions
eeeripssv: depressives
eeeoasscn: deaconesses
eeripashl: dealerships
eeerigcvn: divergences
eetioagln: delegations
euuiossbn: dubiousness
errtiioom: dormitories
eeuiossvn: deviousness
eiopasslb: disposables
eiiosssnn: dissensions
uiiossscn: discussions
eertiiavv: derivatives
eerttpanm: departments
tiioppasn: disappoints
12
etiioasgnn: designations
eiioaasgln: diagonalises
tiiooaslcn: dislocations
ertiiopavn: deprivations
eertiiolcn: derelictions
tuiiosjcnn: disjunctions
ettiioasnn: destinations
qeuiiiasfl: disqualifies
ertiioagnn: denigrations
qeetuioshc: discotheques
eeiassslbm: disassembles
etiiiasssf: dissatisfies
rtiiiaalcc: diacriticals
etuioaalvn: devaluations
eeerrttioa: deteriorates
etuiioscnn: discontinues
eeetiisfnn: definiteness
tiiioopssn: dispositions
tuiiopalcn: duplications
rttiioascn: distractions
eertiopadn: depredations
eeeeipdcnn: dependencies
euuiiosgnn: disingenuous
ertiooannm: denominators
etiiiiaslb: disabilities
eerropaghm: demographers
ertiooafnm: deformations
ertioaadgn: degradations
etuiiifflc: difficulties
erttioopan: deportations
eerrttioac: directorates
eerttoasnm: demonstrates
ttuuiiopas: disputatious
eeiiissvvn: divisiveness
ttiiioscnn: distinctions
etiioalcnn: declinations
eeertisscn: discreetness
ertiiopscn: descriptions
ertuiascbn: disturbances
ertioaalcn: declarations
rrttuiiosb: distributors
eetiasglnn: disentangles
eertiioops: depositories
eeeeriagcn: degeneracies
eeriipassn: dispensaries
eerttiannm: determinants
eeeiiifccn: deficiencies
eertiiisll: distilleries
etiiossjnn: disjointness
eeerrtaskl: deerstalkers
eriopaghcm: demographics
eeeiisscvn: decisiveness
ettiisscnn: distinctness
eertiopacn: deprecations
eeruasdfln: dreadfulness
iiopaascnm: dipsomaniacs
ertiiioacn: dictionaries
eeeriislvb: disbelievers
ertioaacnm: demarcations
ertuuioosc: discourteous
tyuiosfcnn: dysfunctions
eeetoplvnm: developments
13
eeetuocnnnm: denouncements
eeertiphcnm: decipherments
eeetiasslcn: delicatessens
eertuioacnm: documentaries
etuiiissghn: distinguishes
etiaaasdgvn: disadvantages
errttooasnm: demonstrators
eetiiiscvnn: disincentives
ruiiooashnm: disharmonious
eerttiiasgn: disintegrates
eertuiossln: desultoriness
eeiiosslnnm: dimensionless
rttuiiiosbn: distributions
eeetuisflcn: deceitfulness
etuiioacnnn: denunciations
ettiiopaacn: decapitations
eertiioalbn: deliberations
tuuiiooscnn: discontinuous
eertuissbnm: disbursements
eertiiaffln: differentials
eettoasgcnn: decongestants
eeeeissfvnn: defensiveness
eeruoassgnn: dangerousness
etiiooannnm: denominations
eeertiasgnm: disagreements
qtuiiiiossn: disquisitions
eeertioalcn: decelerations
errtiiopshc: directorships
ettiiasfcnn: disinfectants
eeeetisfcvn: defectiveness
rtiiiascnnm: discriminants
eetipaslcnm: displacements
eertiioslcn: directionless
etiiopassnn: dispensations
ertiiiascnm: discriminates
eeeriasslbn: desirableness
eyoaddgglln: daddylonglegs
erttiioassn: dissertations
ttiiioaslln: distillations
eeeruodklcb: doubledeckers
rttiiopashc: dictatorships
eeriipasccn: discrepancies
14
etiioosccnnn: disconnections
eeetiiisfvnn: definitiveness
erttiooasglm: dermatologists
eerttiassdcn: distractedness
erttiooasnnm: demonstrations
rttiioaaasnm: dramatisations
eertuiisfgnm: disfigurements
eerttioasvnm: demonstratives
etiiooopscnm: decompositions
eeerttiiaffn: differentiates
eerttiioannm: determinations
eerippaaascn: disappearances
eeertiiaaslm: dematerialises
rrtiiioascnm: discriminators
errtiioafllb: defibrillators
15
ertiioopaasln: depolarisations
ertiiiiiasslm: dissimilarities
eeriiassfhcnn: disenfranchises
eeerttuisscvn: destructiveness
etuioaaasdgvn: disadvantageous
eerrttiioaffn: differentiators
ettiioppasnnm: disappointments
eettiiisscvnn: distinctiveness
eeeeesssflcnn: defencelessness
eeertiipsscvn: descriptiveness
ettuiiiioscnn: discontinuities
eertuioasgcnm: discouragements
riiiipaaslcnn: disciplinarians
16
ttiiioaasssfcn: dissatisfactions
eerttiiioaffnn: differentiations
17
qtuiiiioaasflcn: disqualifications
eeeerttiisssdnn: disinterestedness

dp
3
i: dip
4
ee: deep
um: dump
ro: drop
am: damp
ri: drip
5
roo: droop
6
eacm: decamp
ooll: dollop
7
werod: dewdrop
etosk: desktop
eeolv: develop
8
ertoos: doorstep
rtooos: doorstop
10
eeriashl: dealership
12
rttiioashc: dictatorship
eiiipsshlc: discipleship
errtiioshc: directorship
15
rtuiaassghhnm: draughtsmanship

qp
4
ui: quip

qs
5
yua: quays
uip: quips
uid: quids
tui: quits
6
uial: quails
euak: quakes
eeun: queens
etui: quiets
uion: quoins
ualm: qualms
uill: quills
eull: quells
ruik: quirks
eeuu: queues
uakc: quacks
etuo: quotes
ruak: quarks
tuoa: quotas
etus: quests
rtua: quarts
tuio: quoits
tuil: quilts
7
uaagg: quaggas
eruav: quavers
etuui: quietus
euicn: quinces
euihc: quiches
euizz: quizzes
eruak: quakers
ruaas: quasars
eruiv: quivers
eerui: queries
8
eeuhcn: quenches
erttua: quartets
euikcn: quickens
errual: quarrels
errtua: quarters
uioadv: quovadis
eetuin: quietens
erruia: quarries
rtuiac: quartics
ettuin: quintets
euilbb: quibbles
9
euiiafl: qualifies
eruiagm: quagmires
ettuion: quotients
eetuisn: quietness
ertuial: quartiles
eruuuol: querulous
etuiosn: questions
euiskcn: quickness
etuiial: qualities
rtuaadn: quadrants
eeruhcn: quenchers
rtuiaan: quatrains
10
eruiadll: quadrilles
eruiiskn: quirkiness
ttuiooan: quotations
eruiiafl: qualifiers
etuiasnn: quaintness
uiasdkcn: quicksands
eruupadd: quadrupeds
eeuiassn: queasiness
ettuiian: quantities
eruupadl: quadruples
etuiiafn: quantifies
rtuiaadc: quadratics
11
ertuupadl: quadruplets
ertuiiafn: quantifiers
eruaadgln: quadrangles
eertuiosn: questioners
errtuuaad: quadratures
ertuioann: quaternions
12
etuiiosgnn: questionings
13
errttuaasff: quarterstaffs
eeruuuossln: querulousness
14
errtuiaaadll: quadrilaterals
eertuiioasnn: questionnaires
tuiiioaaflcn: qualifications

qr
5
eeu: queer
taa: qatar
6
euak: quaker
euiv: quiver
etuo: quoter
uaas: quasar
euav: quaver
7
ertua: quarter
euipp: quipper
ettui: quitter
euikc: quicker
eetui: quieter
8
eeuhcn: quencher
eruiik: quirkier
etuian: quainter
9
euiiafl: qualifier
10
etuiiafn: quantifier
eetuiosn: questioner
11
euiiaasln: quasilinear
euiisklcv: quicksilver
12
ruuaaadgln: quadrangular
13
eerrttuaasm: quartermaster

qt
4
ui: quit
5
rua: quart
eui: quiet
uil: quilt
eus: quest
6
uian: quaint
7
ertua: quartet
etuin: quintet
8
etuion: quotient
eeerus: queerest
ruaadn: quadrant
euiskc: quickest
eetuis: quietest
9
eruiisk: quirkiest
eeuiscn: quiescent

qy
4
ua: quay
5
eru: query
6
euas: queasy
rrua: quarry
ruik: quirky
7
uiklc: quickly
uiafl: qualify
etuil: quietly
eeuln: queenly
tuial: quality
eerul: queerly
8
tuiafn: quantify
tuialn: quaintly
ttuian: quantity
9
ruupadl: quadruply
errtual: quarterly
10
errtuaan: quaternary
11
eruuuosll: querulously
eruiiglvn: quiveringly
uiiallzzc: quizzically
12
etuioaslbn: questionably
13
eertuiacnnn: quincentenary
rtuiaaadllc: quadratically
etuiiosglnn: questioningly
ettuiiaallv: qualitatively
14
etttuiiaalvn: quantitatively
16
eettuiiassllnn: quintessentially

qz
4
ui: quiz
6
rtua: quartz

qa
3
u: qua
5
tuo: quota
6
uagg: quagga

qc
8
tuiiox: quixotic
9
rtuiaad: quadratic
12
ruioopadhn: quadrophonic
6
eeub: quebec
7
rtuia: quartic
tuiin: quintic

qe
5
euu: queue
tui: quite
uak: quake
rui: quire
tuo: quote
6
uihc: quiche
uicn: quince
7
euisc: quiesce
rtuoa: quorate
uiinn: quinine
uilbb: quibble
8
rtuial: quartile
tuiasn: quantise
yuiasd: quayside
tuoalb: quotable
ruiagm: quagmire
9
ruiadll: quadrille
ruupadl: quadruple
tuuipln: quintuple
uiiklcm: quicklime
rttuiaz: quartzite
10
ruaadgln: quadrangle
rrtuuaad: quadrature
ruuopadl: quadrupole
rtuiaann: quarantine
eeuisccn: quiescence
11
ttuiiaalv: qualitative
erruoaslm: quarrelsome
12
tuiiaaflbn: quantifiable
eetuisscnn: quintessence
etuioaslbn: questionable
tttuiiaavn: quantitative
13
ertuiioasnn: questionnaire
rrttuiipaad: quadripartite
rtuuipaadlc: quadruplicate

qd
4
ui: quid
6
eeuu: queued
euak: quaked
etuo: quoted
7
euaff: quaffed
etuil: quilted
eetui: quieted
eeull: quelled
euizz: quizzed
euakc: quacked
euial: quailed
euash: quashed
euipp: quipped
ettui: quitted
eerui: queried
8
eeuhcn: quenched
erruia: quarried
eeuisc: quiesced
eeruiv: quivered
eeruav: quavered
9
euiiafl: qualified
etuiasn: quantised
eerrtua: quartered
eeuikcn: quickened
uiaskcn: quicksand
eruupad: quadruped
eeetuin: quietened
10
eetuiosn: questioned
eruupadl: quadrupled
etuiiafn: quantified
eerruall: quarrelled
11
ertuiaann: quarantined
wettuiikc: quickwitted

qg
8
ttuiin: quitting
etuiin: quieting
uiisln: quisling
uiakcn: quacking
uiaffn: quaffing
eryuin: querying
uiizzn: quizzing
eeuuin: queueing
uiashn: quashing
tuiiln: quilting
etuisn: questing
euilln: quelling
9
eruiivn: quivering
euihcnn: quenching
rryuian: quarrying
uiilbbn: quibbling
eruiavn: quavering
10
eetuiinn: quietening
euiikcnn: quickening
errtuian: quartering
yuiiafln: qualifying
11
tyuiiafnn: quantifying
etuiiosnn: questioning
ruuipadln: quadrupling
erruialln: quarrelling
7
tuion: quoting
euuin: queuing
uiakn: quaking

qf
12
errttuaasf: quarterstaff
5
uif: quiff
uaf: quaff

qi
5
uas: quasi

qh
8
uiaskc: quackish
5
uas: quash
6
eucn: quench

qk
11
errtuaacb: quarterback
5
uac: quack
rua: quark
uic: quick
rui: quirk

qm
5
ual: qualm
6
ruuo: quorum
7
tuuan: quantum
uoadn: quondam

ql
5
uia: quail
eul: quell
uil: quill
7
errua: quarrel
9
uiiazzc: quizzical
12
qeuuiiannn: quinquennial
13
errtuiaaadl: quadrilateral
14
eettuiiassnn: quintessential

qo
6
rtua: quarto

qn
5
eeu: queen
eru: quern
7
euikc: quicken
eetui: quieten
8
rtuiaa: quatrain
etuios: question
9
tuiioad: quotidian
ttuiooa: quotation
erryuam: quarrymen
10
ertuioan: quaternion
11
tuiiiolln: quintillion
12
ttuiioaasn: quantisation
13
tuiiioaaflc: qualification
14
ttuiiioaafcn: quantification

wb
3
e: web
4
om: womb

wa
4
oh: whoa

wo
8
etodll: welltodo
ertoal: waterloo
3
h: who
o: woo
6
ahkc: whacko
erid: weirdo
7
eerth: whereto

wn
3
a: wan
i: win
o: won
4
eh: when
ee: ween
ea: wean
ra: warn
ro: worn
er: wren
5
oag: wagon
eak: waken
oad: wodan
eok: woken
oam: woman
eom: women
eax: waxen
eid: widen
eov: woven
6
toan: wanton
etih: whiten
erra: warren
erad: warden
tiih: within
eood: wooden
eeak: weaken
eiog: wigeon
eopa: weapon
eros: worsen
7
erokm: workmen
ertti: written
eiodg: widgeon
eerts: western
eerih: wherein
eeroh: whereon
eetah: wheaten
eoodm: woodmen
roakm: workman
ooadm: woodman
eooll: woollen
8
ertaam: waterman
erollb: wellborn
eeiopd: wideopen
ooasdm: woodsman
etahcm: watchmen
eiiskn: wineskin
ipasgn: wingspan
eertam: watermen
eashlm: welshman
taahcm: watchman
weroll: wellworn
9
eetakll: welltaken
wrtiadh: withdrawn
weoklln: wellknown
iaasshb: washbasin
eeruoph: whereupon
10
etioglln: wellington
eeoshllc: wellchosen
eerisdcn: windscreen
eertoalm: watermelon
eeopskll: wellspoken
tioasghn: washington
erioaghl: wholegrain
eeertahm: weathermen
eeerisdc: widescreen
eertaahm: weatherman
11
weerrtoah: weatherworn
rrtuioogh: wroughtiron
weroaashm: washerwoman
weeroashm: washerwomen
rttiooask: workstation
12
eeeruoashm: warehousemen
eeruoaashm: warehouseman
13
eeeerttaahb: weatherbeaten
14
eerttiioassn: westernisation

wg
3
a: wag
i: wig
4
in: wing
5
rin: wring
run: wrung
ron: wrong
6
iavn: waving
iiln: wiling
iakn: waking
iaxn: waxing
iann: waning
iinn: wining
iagn: waging
ioon: wooing
iadn: wading
riin: wiring
iipn: wiping
rian: waring
7
iiknn: winking
tiiln: wilting
ettin: wetting
iihln: whiling
iiggn: wigging
iilln: willing
tiann: wanting
riodn: wording
iishn: wishing
iidnn: winding
eidgn: wedging
iaddn: wadding
eilln: welling
iaggn: wagging
iahln: whaling
iiavn: waiving
tiihn: whiting
iihnn: whining
iignn: winging
iadbn: windbag
eidln: welding
rtoah: warthog
riann: warning
rianm: warming
iakln: walking
eiann: weaning
eidnn: wending
iialn: wailing
eeipn: weeping
ripan: warping
iicnn: wincing
iinnn: winning
ttiin: witting
rionm: worming
rrian: warring
tiian: waiting
eiavn: weaving
rtiin: writing
eeidn: weeding
riokn: working
tiasn: wasting
riohn: whoring
ialln: walling
iashn: washing
eiddn: wedding
erian: wearing
riadn: warding
eibbn: webbing
tiafn: wafting
8
iaggln: waggling
tialzn: waltzing
ettihn: whetting
ertian: watering
iaddln: waddling
iiggln: wiggling
iolbbn: wobbling
riignn: wringing
tiahcn: watching
rtiihn: writhing
eriavn: wavering
eriakn: wreaking
rriihn: whirring
ertisn: wresting
riognn: wronging
rryion: worrying
eryian: wearying
iishkn: whisking
rialbn: warbling
eeihzn: wheezing
eiaknn: wakening
toadhc: watchdog
iipphn: whipping
rippan: wrapping
eiakln: weakling
eeihln: wheeling
eiidln: wielding
eiighn: weighing
riihln: whirling
eiidnn: widening
uiodnn: wounding
erikcn: wrecking
iihcnn: winching
ioophn: whooping
eialnn: weanling
9
eiolcnm: welcoming
riiggln: wriggling
ertiahn: wreathing
erttiin: wittering
wioalln: wallowing
yiihnnn: whinnying
ertiinn: wintering
tiishln: whistling
etiihnn: whitening
wiiodnn: windowing
ttiihln: whittling
eriosnn: worsening
eeiaknn: weakening
riaglnn: wrangling
riiighl: whirligig
wiionnn: winnowing
eriodnn: wondering
riiklnn: wrinkling
erihcnn: wrenching
ertiihn: withering
etiighn: weighting
eeillbn: wellbeing
eeidhln: wheedling
ertisln: wrestling
eriadnn: wandering
eertiln: weltering
10
eriiphnm: whimpering
eertiahn: weathering
rioodgnn: wrongdoing
etiissnn: witnessing
eriipshn: whispering
rrtiaann: warranting
iioasnnm: womanising
eeiaslln: weaselling
11
tiiodhhln: withholding
wrtiiadhn: withdrawing
eruioashn: warehousing
tiioascnn: wainscoting
ruiisdfnn: windsurfing
eriiadgnn: wideranging
ertiiaskn: waterskiing
eeiallnnm: wellmeaning
eioashlln: wholesaling
wriooodkn: woodworking
riioppshn: worshipping
12
ttiiasdhnn: withstanding
wetiiashhn: whitewashing
erippaalln: wallpapering
13
errtioopafn: waterproofing
eeetiipkkcn: wicketkeeping
ettiiifghln: weightlifting
14
wiiooppsdhnn: windowshopping
errioopssdcn: wordprocessing

wf
4
ia: waif
oo: woof
ol: wolf
5
ifh: whiff
rah: wharf
7
eofll: welloff
eeroh: whereof
8
weerol: werewolf
ruisdn: windsurf
10
errtoopa: waterproof
12
eerrtoopah: weatherproof

we
2
: we
3
e: wee
o: woe
4
ri: wire
ro: wore
ok: woke
ad: wade
ag: wage
il: wile
ip: wipe
ak: wake
in: wine
an: wane
eh: whee
ra: ware
av: wave
ov: wove
if: wife
id: wide
is: wise
er: were
5
ohl: whole
roh: whore
ros: worse
edg: wedge
tas: waste
rti: write
rto: wrote
odg: wodge
ahl: whale
icn: wince
osh: whose
ihn: whine
ihl: while
tih: white
iav: waive
erh: where
eav: weave
6
rtih: writhe
ttal: wattle
olbb: wobble
ehcn: whence
aggl: waggle
iplm: wimple
iggl: wiggle
affl: waffle
rass: wrasse
addl: waddle
eehz: wheeze
ralb: warble
ikln: winkle
7
iosnm: winsome
ertsl: wrestle
erafl: welfare
taasg: wastage
roadg: wordage
rtuaf: wafture
rtiam: wartime
tishl: whistle
eeihl: wheelie
rraaf: warfare
riggl: wriggle
yiasd: wayside
riakl: warlike
ragln: wrangle
etisb: website
rikln: wrinkle
ttihl: whittle
eedhl: wheedle
ttaag: wattage
eolcm: welcome
ertah: wreathe
8
ioodbn: woodbine
eragkc: wreckage
rroash: warhorse
eadllm: wellmade
ioodlc: woodlice
rioklm: wormlike
riidfl: wildfire
rroadb: wardrobe
iookll: woollike
roohlm: wormhole
roadgm: wordgame
ettalb: wettable
rroafk: workfare
rtialb: writable
eraalb: wearable
ialbnn: winnable
ioopdl: woodpile
eiaklv: wavelike
aakllb: walkable
rtoakm: workmate
ioasnm: womanise
iippdn: windpipe
ioshbn: wishbone
roaklb: workable
iidfll: wildlife
aashlb: washable
9
ertialn: waterline
wrioddl: worldwide
rroofkc: workforce
ropaskc: workspace
eoahlbn: whalebone
rrooshk: workhorse
rrioosm: worrisome
euiadgv: waveguide
tiihklc: witchlike
ruooshk: workhouse
eoashll: wholesale
eruoash: warehouse
erioasm: wearisome
ertiasd: waterside
ooosdkm: woodsmoke
taahlcb: watchable
eeashlb: wheelbase
ertoahl: waterhole
eooshlm: wholesome
uooosdl: woodlouse
eerrofh: wherefore
tiiasln: waistline
ropaklc: workplace
eriopkc: workpiece
eeoogbn: woebegone
ettoshn: whetstone
10
erttiinm: wintertime
erttaalb: watertable
erooppkl: workpeople
eeuoshhl: wheelhouse
eruooshh: whorehouse
wrtiohhl: worthwhile
11
eertaahvn: weathervane
errtuoasc: watercourse
eriidgghb: weighbridge
rioakklnm: workmanlike
12
ertuoasllb: watersoluble
etiiaakkll: walkietalkie

wd
3
a: wad
e: wed
4
oo: wood
el: weld
en: wend
ee: weed
oa: woad
an: wand
ol: wold
il: wild
in: wind
ro: word
ra: ward
5
eip: wiped
eak: waked
rol: world
ean: waned
weo: wowed
eoo: wooed
ead: waded
eag: waged
eil: wield
eax: waxed
uon: wound
uol: would
ein: wined
eri: weird, wired
eav: waved
6
etil: wilted
erad: warded
eiav: waived
eedn: wended
eedl: welded
erok: worked
eran: warned
erra: warred
eram: warmed
etia: waited
eedd: wedded
eish: wished
erpa: warped
eebb: webbed
eihn: whined
eood: wooded
eihl: whiled
eash: washed
riaz: wizard
etas: wasted
eidn: winded
etaf: wafted
eedg: wedged
eall: walled
eell: welled
eikn: winked
eagg: wagged
eikc: wicked
eett: wetted
eeav: weaved
eeed: weeded
eean: weaned
eofl: wolfed
etan: wanted
eakl: walked
eill: willed
eial: wailed
erod: worded
eign: winged
eicn: winced
7
eiggl: wiggled
erppa: wrapped
erogn: wronged
eihcn: winched
eishk: whisked
rroal: warlord
eolbb: wobbled
eipph: whipped
weiod: widowed
eahkc: whacked
eeehl: wheeled
eeria: wearied
eraah: warhead
eaggl: waggled
eeigh: weighed
eehkl: whelked
eetth: whetted
eeehz: wheezed
eeizn: wizened
erihl: whirled
erakc: wracked
eefll: wellfed
eerak: wreaked
eaddl: waddled
etalz: waltzed
eerag: wagered
etahc: watched
eralb: warbled
eooph: whooped
wryaa: wayward
eerav: wavered
etaln: wetland
ertos: worsted
eeekn: weekend
eerts: wrested
eeidn: widened
eeakn: wakened
eeidl: wielded
ertih: writhed
eaffl: waffled
eerkc: wrecked
eerta: watered
euodn: wounded
erohl: whorled
errio: worried
eikln: winkled
errih: whirred
8
wioodn: woodwind
eertsl: wrestled
ettihl: whittled
etishl: whistled
eetigh: weighted
wriadn: windward
eerthc: wretched
eetihn: whitened
eerhcn: wrenched
weiodn: windowed
iihkzz: whizzkid
rooakl: workload
eeedhl: wheedled
eeeyid: wideeyed
eoosdh: woodshed
eriggl: wriggled
eerodn: wondered
eipall: wellpaid
eertin: wintered
eeusll: wellused
eertih: withered
eiihnn: whinnied
eeradn: wandered
riophc: whipcord
weoall: wallowed
eeahll: wellhead
ooadln: woodland
eerllb: wellbred
eaavbn: waveband
wertas: westward
eerall: wellread
tiohhl: withhold
etihhl: withheld
eeolcm: welcomed
eragln: wrangled
erikln: wrinkled
eertab: waterbed
eeeakn: weakened
eeyidl: wildeyed
eertah: wreathed
eerosn: worsened
9
eeeakkn: weakkneed
wriihln: whirlwind
eeriphm: whimpered
eeiklll: wellliked
eooofhl: wholefood
ttiashn: withstand
oooahnm: womanhood
wrtoahc: watchword
eeolllv: wellloved
eeripsh: whispered
eetillm: welltimed
errtaan: warranted
ioaknnm: womankind
etuosbn: westbound
etaasln: wasteland
eetissn: witnessed
eertash: watershed
rtiasbn: wristband
roaashb: washboard
tiaasbn: waistband
ttioosh: withstood
eeertah: weathered
wiooodh: widowhood
taasshn: washstand
uoofhln: wolfhound
eertill: welltried
10
eeiadknm: weakminded
eerakllm: wellmarked
eeruoash: warehoused
eroadlnn: wonderland
erioppsh: worshipped
eepalllc: wellplaced
eerofllm: wellformed
eeripasd: widespread
eeeralln: wellearned
eruidknn: wunderkind
rruopaan: wraparound
11
weeeodlln: wellendowed
weetiashh: whitewashed
eeeolllvb: wellbeloved
eeeahllvb: wellbehaved
eeeidflln: welldefined
eeerrodll: wellordered
wetipaass: waspwaisted
eeruodlln: wellrounded
eetahllcm: wellmatched
eertooalc: watercooled
eerrtaahm: warmhearted
erooadlbm: warmblooded
eeertissn: westernised
eeerssdll: welldressed
eeuodflln: wellfounded
eertoaggl: waterlogged
12
eeruodglln: wellgrounded
eeeerillcv: wellreceived
eeeisdglln: welldesigned
eeaalllcbn: wellbalanced
eerrtoopaf: waterproofed
eeerrppall: wellprepared
eeriofllnm: wellinformed
qeeeuippll: wellequipped
eertuoahbn: weatherbound
eeeersdllv: welldeserved
eeetuadllc: welleducated
eeertoahhl: wholehearted
eetuasdjll: welladjusted
eeerallnnm: wellmannered
eeiopssdll: welldisposed
13
eerioasglln: wellorganised
eertuoppsll: wellsupported
eeeerrpsllv: wellpreserved
eeetollccnn: wellconnected
eeeeopdlllv: welldeveloped
14
eerrttuusllc: wellstructured
15
eeettiiollnnn: wellintentioned
eeetiasshlllb: wellestablished

jx
4
in: jinx
12
etioahkcbn: jackinthebox
7
euokb: jukebox

jy
3
a: jay
o: joy
4
ul: july
eo: joey
ru: jury
5
uic: juicy
upm: jumpy
ell: jelly
ett: jetty
emm: jemmy
oll: jolly
imm: jimmy
azz: jazzy
eok: jokey
iff: jiffy
erk: jerky
6
tuan: jaunty
eokc: jockey
opal: jalopy
iokl: jokily
tusl: justly
eers: jersey
agln: jangly
7
ruaan: january
tioll: jollity
eaddl: jadedly
tuisf: justify
iofll: jollify
eruon: journey
erion: joinery
eifll: jellify
erikl: jerkily
ertti: jittery
iolll: jollily
weerl: jewelry
tioln: jointly
8
yuoosl: joyously
ioallv: jovially
eadggl: jaggedly
iogkln: jokingly
tuialn: jauntily
euoasl: jealousy
eropad: jeopardy
yuofll: joyfully
9
etisgln: jestingly
rtuiion: juniority
tiioalv: joviality
eerigln: jeeringly
euoasll: jealously
weeerll: jewellery
ruiiadc: judiciary
ruoallc: jocularly
10
tuiallbn: jubilantly
rtuioalc: jocularity
uiiadllc: judicially
11
tuiiasflb: justifiably
uuiiosdlc: judiciously
13
rttuiioasfc: justificatory
14
ttuiiiiasflb: justifiability

jz
4
az: jazz

jt
3
u: jut
e: jet
o: jot
4
ol: jolt
il: jilt
es: jest
us: just
5
uos: joust
ion: joint
ios: joist
uan: jaunt
6
euis: jesuit
eakc: jacket
eukn: junket
ruis: jurist
7
opakc: jackpot
8
euiisc: juiciest
eudgnm: judgment
eiosll: jolliest
uuipsm: jumpsuit
uialbn: jubilant
eiaszz: jazziest
eerisk: jerkiest
ooakcb: jackboot
euipsm: jumpiest
9
eeudgnm: judgement
etuiasn: jauntiest
rtupasm: jumpstart
10
eruuaggn: juggernaut
ruioasln: journalist

ju
8
tuiisj: jiujitsu

wm
8
rroook: workroom
wroood: woodworm
eroafv: waveform
9
eertagh: wheatgerm
ttiiisc: witticism
4
ah: wham
ro: worm
oh: whom
ra: warm
ih: whim
6
wiag: wigwam
iosd: wisdom

jw
3
a: jaw
e: jew
6
iasg: jigsaw
7
aadkc: jackdaw

jp
8
werash: jewsharp
3
a: jap
4
ee: jeep
um: jump
5
eul: julep

jr
3
a: jar
4
ee: jeer
5
eok: joker
ruo: juror
6
etti: jitter
etto: jotter
eukn: junker
eets: jester
uion: junior
eial: jailer
uaag: jaguar
eupm: jumper
eudd: judder
eogg: jogger
eiok: jokier
eion: joiner
eabb: jabber
7
euipn: juniper
uuagl: jugular
eerik: jerkier
euipm: jumpier
eioll: jollier
euiic: juicier
eiazz: jazzier
tioan: janitor
etuip: jupiter
uoalc: jocular
euggl: juggler
etuos: jouster
8
eryiod: joyrider
etuian: jauntier
weeell: jeweller
9
weyaakl: jaywalker
eeryuon: journeyer

js
4
we: jews
ab: jabs
yo: joys
wa: jaws
to: jots
ya: jays
tu: juts
am: jams
ob: jobs
og: jogs
ra: jars
et: jets
ug: jugs
ig: jigs
5
uan: janus
uad: judas
ial: jails
ukn: junks
abm: jambs
til: jilts
wol: jowls
tol: jolts
eus: jesus
eam: james
ean: jeans
ead: jades
ion: joins
ikn: jinks
ets: jests
upm: jumps
eiv: jives
eok: jokes
eep: jeeps
eer: jeers
akc: jacks
epa: japes
erk: jerks
6
rruo: jurors
yuoo: joyous
euol: joules
tuan: jaunts, juntas
tios: joists
erok: jokers
weel: jewels
eupl: juleps
euic: juices
eixn: jinxes
erui: juries
wees: jewess
tuos: jousts
tion: joints
eudg: judges
7
eerys: jerseys
ruaag: jaguars
erogg: joggers
erion: joiners
etakc: jackets
erikn: jerkins
eetnn: jennets
ruion: juniors
erudd: judders
eigln: jingles
eugln: jungles
euoal: jealous
eetti: jetties
etosl: jostles
aaskc: jackass
eroab: jerboas
roagn: jargons
rtuis: jurists
eoslb: jobless
wiasg: jigsaws
eyokc: jockeys
eulbm: jumbles
eerts: jesters
aaklc: jackals
erupm: jumpers
erabb: jabbers
euikn: junkies
eeill: jellies
eyosl: joyless
erial: jailers
ertti: jitters
euggl: juggles
8
etussn: justness
waadkc: jackdaws
eruggl: jugglers
etuisc: justices
eerign: jeerings
topakc: jackpots
ttiogn: jottings
eialvn: javelins
ruoaln: journals
eeuilb: jubilees
weoabn: jawbones
erigkn: jerkings
rtioan: janitors
eryuon: journeys
9
ertuion: jointures
etuiisf: justifies
eeasddn: jadedness
euipsnm: jumpiness
eaasskc: jackasses
erryiod: joyriders
tooakcb: jackboots
uuiiodc: judicious
etudgnm: judgments
tuiocnn: junctions
tyioskc: joysticks
weeerll: jewellers
eeuokxb: jukeboxes
eeuilvn: juveniles
euiiscn: juiciness
10
eeuioasl: jealousies
eyuosfln: joyfulness
etuopasx: juxtaposes
eetudgnm: judgements
eyuoossn: joyousness
11
eruiiiadc: judiciaries
eeriopasd: jeopardises
ertuuaggn: juggernauts
rtuioasln: journalists
eeyosssln: joylessness
eeossslbn: joblessness
13
rtuiiiosdcn: jurisdictions
14
ttuiiioasfcn: justifications
ttuiioopasxn: juxtapositions

jl
4
ia: jail
el: jell
wo: jowl
ra: jarl
5
wee: jewel
6
aakc: jackal
ioav: jovial
yuof: joyful
7
ruoan: journal
eeezb: jezebel
8
uiiadc: judicial
uiaknm: junkmail
9
ruiiadc: juridical
10
etuadgnm: judgmental
11
eetuadgnm: judgemental
14
rtuiiioasdcn: jurisdictional
15
errtuuiipasdn: jurisprudential

jm
8
iiosgn: jingoism
10
ruioasln: journalism
3
a: jam
6
etas: jetsam
7
euujn: jejunum
uiasd: judaism

jn
4
io: join
oh: john
5
paa: japan
6
ioav: jovian
roag: jargon
erik: jerkin
7
ryuam: juryman
eialv: javelin
eryum: jurymen
8
tuiocn: junction
toaahn: jonathan
ettios: jettison
iaaacm: jamaican
10
tuiioalb: jubilation
eryuoanm: journeyman
12
rtuiiiosdc: jurisdiction
13
ttuiiioasfc: justification
ttuiioopasx: juxtaposition

jo
4
ud: judo
un: juno
5
ign: jingo
ubm: jumbo
7
erihc: jericho

jh
8
eeriam: jeremiah
9
eyisfll: jellyfish
5
oan: jonah
6
eops: joseph
weis: jewish
weah: jahweh

ji
7
uazzc: jacuzzi

jk
8
tyiosc: joystick
4
ac: jack
un: junk
oc: jock
er: jerk
7
wyaal: jaywalk

jd
5
eah: jehad
wea: jawed
iah: jihad
eiv: jived
eok: joked
ead: jaded
eyo: joyed
6
etil: jilted
etto: jotted
erra: jarred
eazz: jazzed
etol: jolted
eogg: jogged
eudg: judged
ettu: jutted
eerk: jerked
eabb: jabbed
eikn: jinked
eagg: jagged
eeer: jeered
eets: jested
eett: jetted
eupm: jumped
eixn: jinxed
eugg: jugged
eion: joined
eakc: jacked
eial: jailed
eamm: jammed
7
eulbm: jumbled
eagln: jangled
etuan: jaunted
etosl: jostled
eigln: jingled
eeill: jellied
euggl: juggled
etion: jointed
8
ryuakn: junkyard
eerabb: jabbered
weeell: jewelled
riialb: jailbird
eerudd: juddered
9
euiadcn: jaundiced
eetaggl: jetlagged
eeryuon: journeyed
etuiisf: justified
10
eruoalln: journalled
eettiosn: jettisoned
etooakcb: jackbooted
etuopasx: juxtaposed
11
eeriopasd: jeopardised
12
eeertoppll: jetpropelled

je
4
ok: joke
ad: jade
pa: jape
tu: jute
iv: jive
un: june
5
uic: juice
udg: judge
uol: joule
6
igln: jingle
uggl: juggle
eujn: jejune
uikn: junkie
agln: jangle
ugln: jungle
iggl: jiggle
tosl: jostle
ulbm: jumble
7
wialn: jawline
iasnm: jasmine
ryiod: joyride
tuisc: justice
euilb: jubilee
uissv: jussive
woabn: jawbone
8
eroabm: jamboree
uiadcn: jaundice
etpaln: jetplane
tuialb: jubilate
rtuucn: juncture
euilvn: juvenile
9
tuopasx: juxtapose
10
eriopasd: jeopardise
rtuuiadc: judicature
eruoasln: journalese
11
tuiiasflb: justifiable
13
erruuipsdcn: jurisprudence

jg
3
a: jag
u: jug
o: jog
6
wian: jawing
iokn: joking
7
uipnm: jumping
rrian: jarring
iobbn: jobbing
iionn: joining
ttion: jotting
tiiln: jilting
ioggn: jogging
ttuin: jutting
eerin: jeering
ianmm: jamming
iialn: jailing
uidgn: judging
ettin: jetting
erikn: jerking
iabbn: jabbing
etisn: jesting
iakcn: jacking
tioln: jolting
8
tuiosn: jousting
tiosln: jostling
iaglnn: jangling
iiglnn: jingling
tiionn: jointing
uiggln: juggling
tuiann: jaunting
iiggln: jiggling
9
eriabbn: jabbering
eyiokcn: jockeying
eruiddn: juddering
ryiiodn: joyriding
10
wyiaakln: jaywalking
eryuionn: journeying
eetttisn: jetsetting
tyuiisfn: justifying
11
ettiiosnn: jettisoning
ruioallnn: journalling
tuiopasxn: juxtaposing
12
rttuipasnm: jumpstarting
eriiopasdn: jeopardising

ja
8
iopacn: japonica
4
av: java
5
tun: junta
6
uosh: joshua
7
rtaak: jakarta
iaacm: jamaica

jb
3
a: jab
o: job
4
am: jamb
5
oac: jacob

jc
8
ruiass: jurassic
rtuiis: juristic
10
tiiiosgn: jingoistic
12
rtuiioasln: journalistic
6
uiad: judaic
7
ruiid: juridic

ww
8
ertidh: withdrew
rtiadh: withdraw
3
o: wow
11
eerroahlb: wheelbarrow
5
iod: widow
6
oall: wallow
ioll: willow
iodn: window
raas: warsaw
ionn: winnow

wt
3
i: wit
e: wet
4
el: welt
en: went
eh: whet
ri: writ
af: waft
il: wilt
ah: what
an: want
as: wast
ra: wart
ia: wait
on: wont
ep: wept
es: west
ta: watt
5
eah: wheat
ers: wrest
ris: wrist
ish: whist
ros: worst
ias: waist
6
eidg: widget
righ: wright
eisd: widest
ualn: walnut
eikc: wicket
eigh: weight
eiss: wisest
ishl: whilst
eall: wallet
oabm: wombat
yuoa: wayout
7
eeask: weakest
uoash: washout
eriis: wiriest
ruook: workout
erasm: warmest
eetts: wettest
toahn: whatnot
eiisl: wiliest
ruogh: wrought
eisdl: wildest
eealv: wavelet
uoakl: walkout
eiasv: waviest
iadlc: wildcat
rraan: warrant
eoofb: webfoot
tuioh: without
erias: wariest
uoodc: woodcut
eipph: whippet
etuis: wetsuit
etish: whitest
8
uiodhn: whodunit
ettiis: wittiest
ioascn: wainscot
eriosd: wordiest
eepkll: wellkept
erosgn: wrongest
eerias: weariest
eiisdn: windiest
ripaan: warpaint
eeeisd: weediest
eerisd: weirdest
9
raahllc: wallchart
eioslbb: wobbliest
ertiosh: worthiest
eeroshk: worksheet
eroafvn: wavefront
tioaasc: waistcoat
euilllb: wellbuilt
etiiahb: whitebait
ertiisn: wintriest
eeallnm: wellmeant
uoaaklb: walkabout
uiodhnn: whodunnit
tuihhcn: witchhunt
eeisdkc: wickedest
weipsdn: windswept
10
erttiagh: watertight
errtoafn: waterfront
eetiisgh: weightiest
eruasdln: wanderlust
eerodnnm: wonderment
rtiafhcc: witchcraft
eeeisdlb: wildebeest
eetiashl: wealthiest
weeoahhl: wholewheat
11
weerighhl: wheelwright
eertossnm: westernmost
12
weeertighl: welterweight
14
eerrttiaassn: waterresistant
ettuuooghhll: wellthoughtout

ws
3
a: was
4
oo: woos
yh: whys
eo: woes
ok: woks
ad: wads
ag: wags
ya: ways
ed: weds
ti: wits
eb: webs
wo: wows
ra: wars
in: wins
et: wets
ig: wigs
5
all: walls
rok: works
rta: warts
rom: worms
ran: warns
iph: whips
ram: warms
edn: wends
rad: wards
edl: welds
rpa: warps, wraps
ips: wisps
taf: wafts
odl: wolds
ihm: whims
tta: watts
tan: wants
ial: wails
pas: wasps
rti: writs
ell: wells
iad: wadis
iaf: waifs
rod: words
til: wilts
adn: wands
ign: wings
tia: waits
eid: wides
ood: woods
eak: wakes
eal: wales
ean: wanes, weans
ool: wools
ead: wades
eag: wages
ikc: wicks
eax: waxes
ikn: winks
eav: waves
eip: wipes
obm: wombs
eiv: wives
ill: wills
eep: weeps
eil: wiles
idn: winds
idl: wilds
era: wares, wears
eek: weeks
akl: walks
eed: weeds
ern: wrens
eri: weirs, wires
etl: welts
ein: wines
6
eraf: wafers
erag: wagers
erad: waders
eihn: whines
rodl: worlds
eihl: whiles
wiod: widows
eidn: widens
eehl: wheels
oanm: womans
erta: waters
eedg: wedges
eroh: whores
eish: wishes
erav: wavers
erti: writes
erkc: wrecks
rihl: whirls
etih: whites
rtis: wrists
tidh: widths
rohl: whorls
rign: wrings
rafh: wharfs
eash: washes
etas: wastes
eahl: whales, wheals
rual: walrus
eolv: wolves
rtah: wraths
etah: wheats
eidl: wields
ishk: whisks
oagn: wagons
tias: waists
rogn: wrongs
eeav: weaves
eohl: wholes
ehkl: whelks
erip: wipers
eicn: winces
tish: whists
eakn: wakens
eiav: waives
ooph: whoops
eigh: weighs
uodn: wounds
erak: wreaks
ahkc: whacks
iffh: whiffs
7
etigh: weights
oaggn: waggons
eeasl: weasels
erosn: worsens
eiggl: wiggles
eerdl: welders
erinn: winners
eihcn: winches
eerah: whereas
wioll: willows
ertih: withers, writhes
wiagm: wigwams
tiipa: wapitis
eolbb: wobbles
erikn: winkers
woall: wallows
eiogn: wigeons
erash: washers
eeria: wearies
wiodn: windows
eehcn: wenches
eaggl: waggles
etikc: wickets
eridn: winders
erakl: walkers
eeehz: wheezes
toabm: wombats
rtiah: wraiths
eopan: weapons
riign: wirings
erran: warners, warrens
erram: warmers
eaddl: waddles
eroof: woofers
eerra: wearers
eetsn: wetness
etalz: waltzes
iagvn: wavings
tualn: walnuts
etahc: watches
eralb: warbles
errio: worries
errok: workers
erysn: wryness
eertl: welters
erodn: wonders
eerav: weavers
etall: wallets
iadgn: wadings
eriav: waivers
riadz: wizards
ertia: waiters
ertin: winters
etihc: witches
eeilv: weevils
eeakn: weakens
etihn: whitens
erahv: wharves
ertas: wasters
eaffl: waffles
iosdm: wisdoms
ertah: wreaths
errad: warders
erahl: whalers
etisl: witless
eradn: wanders, wardens
etisn: witness
erign: wingers
errti: writers
eikln: winkles
8
etaasg: wastages
eeeikl: weeklies
eroskl: workless
eoolln: woollens
eertsn: westerns
eeerhl: wheelers
iasdln: windlass
riagnn: warnings
ruoodn: wondrous
eisdln: wildness, windless
eeedkn: weekends
eripsh: whispers
ertias: waitress
eyishk: whiskeys
errppa: wrappers
wyaakl: walkways
riodgn: wordings
wroakx: waxworks
eerhcn: wrenches
erikln: wrinkles
eetalv: wavelets
iignnn: winnings
eeisfl: wifeless
weriod: widowers
eraadh: warheads
rtuook: workouts
eeaskn: weakness
etishl: whistles
iidhkz: whizkids
eisgln: wingless
erishk: whiskers
ertahc: watchers
erralb: warblers
eriphm: whimpers
etadln: wetlands
eiooll: woollies
tiasgn: wastings
eriggl: wriggles
rroadl: warlords
uoflcb: wolfcubs
ettuis: wetsuits
eeipgn: weepings
errrio: worriers
tiadlc: wildcats
rrrioa: warriors
etipph: whippets
tiaagl: wagtails
erosdl: wordless
eiagvn: weavings
rtoopk: worktops
eriasn: wariness
ripash: warships
riogkn: workings
rtiign: writings
eruasl: walruses
eyuisg: wiseguys
eeisdn: wideness
tioadl: wildoats
eragln: wrangles
iasghn: washings
ertioh: worthies
eeyadk: weekdays
rrtaan: warrants
eiishk: whiskies
riopsh: worships
roaklc: warlocks
eerthc: wretches
eertsl: wrestles
eeolcm: welcomes
tuoodc: woodcuts
iadgbn: windbags
rtoagh: warthogs
eerisl: wireless
eiddgn: weddings
eerrav: waverers
ryoadk: workdays
erasnm: warmness
eertah: weathers, wreathes
eerrkc: wreckers
iidgnn: windings
9
eerisdn: weirdness
ooodkcc: woodcocks
ertoshl: worthless
erpaaln: warplanes
roopshk: workshops
rroookm: workrooms
eroafvm: waveforms
eeriasn: weariness
iidllnm: windmills
ettiisn: wittiness
erroadb: wardrobes
eerrtsl: wrestlers
eetishn: whiteness
eertaah: wheatears
ertoakm: workmates
eertadb: waterbeds
eiaallb: wallabies
toadghc: watchdogs
rippagn: wrappings
eertasl: waterless
erosgnn: wrongness
eroaggn: waggoners
wertasd: westwards
wertyaa: waterways
ooaddln: woodlands
eetissn: witnesses
eiasgln: wineglass
erroash: warhorses
roookkb: workbooks
tiodhhl: withholds
iadflln: windfalls
wrtiadh: withdraws
rooadkl: workloads
eerradn: wanderers
eaadvbn: wavebands
eiagkln: weaklings
eeoshln: wholeness
eriosdn: wordiness
eriidfl: wildfires
eroohlm: wormholes
10
wrtoadhc: watchwords
eeuiadgv: waveguides
weiosdln: windowless
eeruoash: warehouses
uoodfhln: wolfhounds
eeriaknm: winemakers
tuoaaklb: walkabouts
eertoahl: waterholes
eetisghl: weightless
eeerrtsn: westerners
eeerrofh: wherefores
eiooslln: woolliness
ttuihhcn: witchhunts
eeisdkcn: wickedness
eerripsh: whisperers
eerrtasc: watercress
ertiallm: watermills
eriaskcc: wisecracks
wriidhln: whirlwinds
eertasdh: watersheds
ttiasdhn: withstands
erroodgn: wrongdoers
ttiiiscm: witticisms
werrtoak: waterworks
eertiass: waitresses
etiigghn: weightings
eropaklc: workplaces
roasdllc: worldclass
etoasnnn: wantonness
ertaafll: waterfalls
etaasdln: wastelands
errtiaan: warranties
eruooshk: workhouses
errtaakm: watermarks
ertioshn: worthiness
euisflln: wilfulness
erroofkc: workforces
iaasshbn: washbasins
eeeerdkn: weekenders
erppaall: wallpapers
eertoshk: worksheets
rioophll: whirlpools
eeeasskn: weaknesses
eerisdln: wilderness
ttioaasc: waistcoats
eeriopkc: workpieces
eeoosdnn: woodenness
eriadgnn: wanderings
ertaasgl: waterglass
weeerolv: werewolves
rtiasdbn: wristbands
eettoshn: whetstones
errooshk: workhorses
11
eetaghlvn: wavelengths
weroaflll: wallflowers
rioodggnn: wrongdoings
eerisdcnn: windscreens
eeuasfkln: wakefulness
weeertahl: waterwheels
eioaslnnm: womanliness
erruisdfn: windsurfers
eeeridkll: weedkillers
eeriahhlc: wheelchairs
errioppsh: worshippers
weryaasdn: waywardness
etuissfln: wistfulness
werrooodk: woodworkers
eertuoahb: whereabouts
erttuoodc: woodcutters
eeiassgln: wineglasses
errtoopaf: waterproofs
eriipsghn: whisperings
erttuopas: waterspouts
wrtiaadhl: withdrawals
etiogllnn: wellingtons
eiisgllnn: willingness
werttoahc: watchtowers
ertaahkcm: watchmakers
eriosdlln: worldliness
ertioadhb: whiteboards
eeroopdkc: woodpeckers
eertoalnm: watermelons
eeroashll: wholesalers
ruooadflm: worldfamous
weerishll: wellwishers
12
rttiooaskn: workstations
eeerissdln: wildernesses
eerrtuoasc: watercourses
eetuassfln: wastefulness
rttioodhcc: witchdoctors
weerroahlb: wheelbarrows
weertighhl: wheelwrights
eertoahkcc: weathercocks
errtuooalc: watercolours
eertiadhcn: windcheaters
wetiosfhll: wolfwhistles
etuasfhlcn: watchfulness
eeertsdhcn: wretchedness
13
eeruosdflnn: wonderfulness
eertossshln: worthlessness
eeeoosshlnm: wholesomeness
eerttiifghl: weightlifters
eeeertipkkc: wicketkeepers
eetiiaakkll: walkietalkies
14
eeetisssghln: weightlessness
15
eeerrtaasdhnm: warmheartedness
errttuiooaslc: watercolourists

wr
3
a: war
4
ei: weir
ea: wear
ih: whir
5
eip: wiper
eis: wiser
eoo: wooer
ead: wader
eag: wager
eaf: wafer
eta: water
eid: wider
rih: whirr
eri: wirer
eav: waver
6
eadn: wander
erad: warder
eiav: waiver, wavier
etih: whiter, wither
eedl: welder
erok: worker
eidn: winder
eidl: wilder
eram: warmer
etia: waiter
etti: witter
erii: wirier
erti: writer
einn: winner
eros: worser
eera: wearer
eash: washer
etas: waster
eahl: whaler
eikn: winker
eeep: weeper
eodn: wonder
eikc: wicker
eett: wetter
eeav: weaver
eeth: wether
eetl: welter
eiil: wilier
etin: winter
eakl: walker
eeak: weaker
eoof: woofer
eial: wailer
eign: winger
7
eiggl: wiggler
eiphm: whimper
eerkc: wrecker
rrioa: warrior
erogn: wronger
eishk: whisker
eolbb: wobbler
eethh: whether
weiod: widower
eriod: wordier
eahkc: whacker
eeehl: wheeler
eeria: wearier
eerid: weirder
erppa: wrapper
eetah: weather
eiakc: wackier
eeohv: whoever
eerag: wagerer
etahc: watcher
eralb: warbler
eipsh: whisper
eiidn: windier
eeeid: weedier
eeidl: wielder
etihh: whither
eipph: whipper
iosdn: windsor
errio: worrier
erign: wringer
ettii: wittier
8
etishl: whistler
ertioh: worthier
eiooll: woollier
eppaax: waxpaper
eeradn: wanderer
eoaklv: walkover
eetahv: whatever
eeolcm: welcomer
eragln: wrangler
eeerhv: wherever
wroadl: worldwar
eertsl: wrestler
eetihn: whitener
ertiin: wintrier
eiolbb: wobblier
eeohvm: whomever
eeehvn: whenever
9
eroagnm: warmonger
eeertsn: westerner
eetiigh: weightier
eetiahl: wealthier
weiopll: willpower
eppaall: wallpaper
eroodgn: wrongdoer
eeihhcv: whichever
eioasnm: womaniser
eeooshv: whosoever
10
etaahkcm: watchmaker
weeishll: wellwisher
werooodk: woodworker
eeooshvm: whomsoever
wettoahc: watchtower
eeeidkll: weedkiller
erioppsh: worshipper
eruisdfn: windsurfer
eeiahhlc: wheelchair
eeoashll: wholesaler
weoaflll: wallflower
eetoashv: whatsoever
ettuoodc: woodcutter
eeoopdkc: woodpecker
eetppaas: wastepaper
11
eetiadhcn: windcheater
ttioodhcc: witchdoctor
eeeeroshv: wheresoever
ertuooalc: watercolour
etioahllc: whitecollar
12
eeeetipkkc: wicketkeeper
eettiifghl: weightlifter

ck
4
oo: cook
on: conk
as: cask
ro: cork
oc: cock
5
aln: clank
olc: clock
rac: crack
roo: crook
ran: crank
roa: croak
roc: crock
ahl: chalk
ohc: chock
ihn: chink
ihc: chick
ric: crick
oal: cloak
ehc: check
eeh: cheek
uhc: chuck
uhn: chunk
ilc: click
iln: clink
eer: creek
era: creak
erl: clerk
ulc: cluck
7
tuacb: cutback
wtaal: catwalk
riasc: carsick
oassc: cassock
8
eooasb: casebook
weroas: casework
ooookb: cookbook
eoacbm: comeback
uiphnm: chipmunk
9
wrooklc: clockwork
oaallcb: coalblack
eryupbn: cyberpunk
wrooahc: coachwork
rtoassl: crosstalk
10
qeeuoohb: chequebook
erosshcc: crosscheck
werruoos: coursework
eruooosb: coursebook
werroaam: camerawork
11
ooahklccb: chockablock
etiasdlcn: candlestick
13
ertttuoaacn: counterattack

ci
8
ettofn: confetti
ertocn: concerti
11
erriiaabn: carabinieri
etoosgcnn: cognoscenti
5
rpa: capri
rog: corgi
ihl: chili
tac: cacti
6
ihll: chilli

ch
4
as: cash
5
oac: coach
icn: cinch
uoc: couch
uog: cough
ras: crash
tol: cloth
tac: catch
rus: crush
ezc: czech
asl: clash
6
tulc: clutch
ruhc: church
ipal: caliph
elcn: clench
ruoc: crouch
ilcn: clinch
rucn: crunch
rtoc: crotch
rtuc: crutch
7
riosn: cornish
eiidl: ceilidh
rtion: corinth
eetah: cheetah
iosdf: codfish
iosdl: coldish
erish: cherish
tiasf: catfish
rrtaa: catarrh
8
tupahz: chutzpah
wiosln: clownish
ryiasf: crayfish
iisdhl: childish
iaslnn: clannish
ruishl: churlish
eipash: cheapish
etopan: cenotaph
9
rooakcc: cockroach
iaffhcn: chaffinch
10
ettuisfl: cuttlefish
qettuios: coquettish
rtiidhlb: childbirth
11
rroopaghn: chronograph
eeetoshlc: cheesecloth
12
wetooalnmm: commonwealth
13
rrtoopaaghm: chromatograph

co
3
o: coo
5
rag: cargo
rui: curio
eam: cameo
aac: cacao
ell: cello
erd: credo
ogn: congo
ria: cairo
6
ialc: calico
iasn: casino
uokc: cuckoo
eric: cicero
7
ypasl: calypso
eerih: cheerio
iaghc: chicago
8
rttaas: castrato
tooakc: cockatoo
oadnmm: commando
ertocn: concerto
9
eersdcn: crescendo
rttoaln: contralto
10
uippaccn: cappuccino

cn
3
a: can
o: con
4
oo: coon
ya: cyan
al: clan
ih: chin
ra: cran
io: coin
ia: cain
ro: corn
5
ruh: churn
iah: chain
roo: croon
oan: canon
iab: cabin
wol: clown
eov: coven
eal: clean
ool: colon
uab: cuban
wro: crown
ria: cairn
6
ryoa: crayon
erti: cretin
aacn: cancan
rtio: citron
ioph: chopin
rood: cordon
erta: cretan
erav: cavern, craven
yaam: cayman
oanm: conman
aaan: canaan
taaf: caftan
eonm: conmen
iaam: caiman
yoan: canyon
eyol: ceylon
ioac: cocain
eabm: cabmen
eolv: cloven
uoop: coupon
rtoa: carton
tioa: cation
toan: canton
aabm: cabman
oann: cannon
oomm: common
uolm: column
uios: cousin
eiav: cavein
ioff: coffin
ttoo: cotton
roah: charon
eosh: chosen
roab: carbon
ialv: calvin
oooc: cocoon
7
uiosh: cushion
rrioa: carrion
roadl: caldron
ualbm: clubman
rioal: clarion
erocn: concern
paahm: chapman
eihkc: checkin, chicken
eepah: cheapen
eaavm: caveman
eodnm: condemn
ryipa: cyprian
riagh: chagrin
iosgn: consign
eetan: canteen
ropam: crampon
eioss: cession
etiiz: citizen
weerm: crewmen
tiopa: caption
eeavm: cavemen
weram: crewman
tioan: contain
ioojn: conjoin
rtuia: curtain
ioffh: chiffon
tpaas: capstan
tipaa: captain
rtioa: carotin
ertia: certain
riosm: crimson
tuioa: caution
erohv: chevron
raaav: caravan
ertis: cistern
rtooa: cartoon
eiahl: chilean
ertti: cittern
8
rtioas: castiron
oaahcm: coachman
ipaahl: chaplain, chaplain
riaahm: chairman
eoahcm: coachmen
riaadg: cardigan
rtioaa: croatian
eyoagn: cyanogen
wetopa: capetown
ruoadl: cauldron
ioannm: cinnamon
easlnm: clansmen
weoodm: comedown
eriahm: chairmen
iopalm: complain
ttiioa: citation
iaaadn: canadian
eoagll: collagen
eesshm: chessmen
eetaac: cetacean
eropah: chaperon
eioadm: comedian
iopahm: champion
eioosh: cohesion
ipaagm: campaign
ertioa: creation
wioasx: coxswain
roadhl: chaldron
werroa: careworn
tiooac: coaction
ertish: christen
iiialv: civilian
eridhl: children
eriooc: coercion
9
tiiooal: coalition
tiooall: collation
eruhhcm: churchmen
uioonmm: communion
ruahhcm: churchman
tiioogn: cognition
eraaamm: cameraman
tuioasd: custodian
uioosfn: confusion
ertasfm: craftsmen
ertuion: centurion
iiahllb: chilblain
wopadlm: clampdown
wroadkc: crackdown
tuioaas: causation
errtiio: criterion
ertioam: cremation
eryaglm: clergyman
rtyoolc: cyclotron
ruoss-b: cross-bun
rtiiash: christian
tuioosn: contusion
riiaadc: circadian
wroaahm: charwoman
eeraamm: cameramen
ertuoas: courtesan
rtaaahl: charlatan
wiodlbm: climbdown
iiialcn: clinician
eiooxnn: connexion
rtioaan: carnation
tiioodn: condition
rtioasn: constrain
rtaaaam: catamaran
ioopanm: companion
rtaasfm: craftsman
uioosll: collusion
wtuoodn: countdown
etiiafh: chieftain
tiooagn: contagion
eeoahlm: chameleon
rriooos: corrosion
werttio: cowritten
iioosll: collision
etioass: cessation
tiooomm: commotion
eeryglm: clergymen
10
rttiioon: contrition
eioossfn: confession
etiooplm: completion
ryaaalvm: cavalryman
etioofcn: confection
ertyuonm: countrymen
eryaalvm: cavalrymen
etioollc: collection
tuioodcn: conduction
tuioosbm: combustion
ioopassm: compassion
ttiiooag: cogitation
rttiooon: contortion
rtioooan: coronation
tioooccn: concoction
tiioocvn: conviction
tioopacm: compaction
rttioaas: castration
eiooplxm: complexion
uioopslm: compulsion
errtiooc: correction
tiooafln: conflation
eioosscn: concession
uiooslcn: conclusion
ttiioaav: cavitation
etioopcn: conception
iioossmm: commission
ettioonn: contention
etioocvn: convection
uioosscn: concussion
erioagcn: carcinogen
erioosvn: conversion
ttiiopaa: capitation
werioahm: chairwomen
rtyuoanm: countryman
wrioaahm: chairwoman
rrtuioop: corruption
rioopasm: comparison
ertuaasc: crustacean
uiooslvn: convulsion
etioosgn: congestion
etioovnn: convention
tuioopal: copulation
etioocnn: connection
11
ttuiioalv: cultivation
ttiiopaav: captivation
eerossgnm: congressmen
rtuiioalc: circulation
tuioaallc: calculation
tiiooallm: collimation
eroassgnm: congressman
tiioopalm: compilation
ttuioopam: computation
tuiooagjn: conjugation
erioopssm: compression
ertuiosgn: countersign
ertiooopa: cooperation
eertioalb: celebration
tioooacvn: convocation
erriopash: chairperson
rtuiooabn: conurbation
ttuiooamm: commutation
tuiooaagl: coagulation
rtuioooal: colouration
rttiooacn: contraction
tiiooopsm: composition
tuioopcnm: compunction
errtiooal: correlation
tioooasln: consolation
ruiiiofxc: crucifixion
eertasfll: crestfallen
tuioojcnn: conjunction
tiiooabnm: combination
rrtiooopa: corporation
ettiioopm: competition
tuiooolvn: convolution
eriaahlbm: chamberlain
tioooallc: collocation
eeaashlvn: cleanshaven
tuioopsnm: consumption
rttioopan: contraption
ttioooann: connotation
tuiioalnm: culmination
rtiioaalb: calibration
12
ttuiiooann: continuation
ttiioopasn: constipation
tiioooasln: colonisation
rtioooafnm: conformation
etiooasdnn: condensation
tiioaaasln: canalisation
tttuiioosn: constitution
rttuiioobn: contribution
ttuiiopaal: capitulation
etioopasnm: compensation
eertioalln: crenellation
tiioopalcm: complication
werruadhhc: churchwarden
ertiooasvn: conservation, conversation
etiooadnmm: commendation
tuiooasnmm: consummation
ertiooaggn: congregation
tiiooasfcn: confiscation
ttiiooaahb: cohabitation
tiiiioaslv: civilisation
rttuiooscn: construction
rttiiooscn: constriction
rtiioooadn: coordination
tiiiooalcn: conciliation
etioaallcn: cancellation
rtiiooahln: chlorination
rtiiooafnm: confirmation
ruiiiosccm: circumcision
ertiooascn: consecration
tiooopaslm: cosmopolitan
ertioosssc: crosssection
tiiiooadfc: codification
rtiioopscn: conscription
etiooadnnm: condemnation
ttuiooasln: consultation
tiiooaasnn: canonisation
13
erttiooavnn: contravention
ettioopalnm: contemplation
rttiiooadcn: contradiction
ertioooammm: commemoration
rtiiioaaflc: clarification
rtuiiooafgn: configuration
eertiooadfn: confederation
tuiiooacnmm: communication
erttiiioafc: certification
ttiiooaannm: contamination
erttioopacn: contraception
ttuiiooassm: customisation
ertuiiocvnm: circumvention
rtiooaafgln: conflagration
rttioooafnn: confrontation
tiiioaaflcc: calcification
tiioooasdln: consolidation
rrrtiooooab: corroboration
eerioopshnm: comprehension
ertiiooasdn: consideration
erttiooacnn: concentration
ettiooaacnn: concatenation
rtuiioaanmm: communitarian
erttiooasnn: consternation
ertiiooasmm: commiseration
eeioossdcnn: condescension
ettiooaslln: constellation
rtuiioooasl: colourisation
rtioooaallb: collaboration
14
ttiiiopaaasl: capitalisation
ertioooaglnm: conglomeration
rtuuiioolccm: circumlocution
erttiioaasln: centralisation
tiiioaassflc: classification
erttuiioafgn: centrifugation
ertuiiopsccm: circumspection
rttuiooaagln: congratulation
erttiiooaasg: categorisation
15
rtiiiioaaslnm: criminalisation
rttyiioaassll: crystallisation
erttuiioopasm: computerisation
eertttiioaash: catheterisation
16
ettiiiooasllcv: collectivisation
rtuiiioaagcvnm: circumnavigation
rttiiiooaadcnn: contraindication
ertiiooaassxnm: crossexamination
rrttuiiioaaasc: caricaturisation
errttiioaaashc: characterisation
17
ettuiioopaaslcn: conceptualisation
etttuiiooaaslxn: contextualisation
rtttiiiooasdcnn: contradistinction
eerrttuuiooolvn: counterrevolution
ertiiiooaaslcmm: commercialisation
18
eeertiiosskcccnn: consciencestricken
errttiiiooasssfl: crossfertilisation
rrruoooooafhllcb: chlorofluorocarbon
20
ertttiioopaaaslnmm: compartmentalisation

cm
3
a: cam
4
ra: cram
al: calm, clam
ri: crim
uh: chum
5
ial: claim
ash: chasm
era: cream
rah: charm
6
uiil: cilium
tuos: custom
uisb: cubism
7
ruian: cranium
uialc: calcium
riofn: confirm
roofn: conform
uiadm: cadmium
8
eerrub: cerebrum
yiiscn: cynicism
eruihb: cherubim
ruiohm: chromium
ruoolb: clubroom
9
rtiiisc: criticism
rooassl: classroom
eruiofn: cuneiform
tyaaslc: cataclysm
tyopasl: cytoplasm
rrtuooo: courtroom
eroadff: cofferdam
roooakl: cloakroom
rruiofc: cruciform
etiashc: catechism
eerrias: careerism
ruuodnn: conundrum
uiosnmm: communism
tuuionn: continuum
10
quuiooll: colloquium
eeerullb: cerebellum
rrtyopag: cryptogram
uiiashvn: chauvinism
rruuuilc: curriculum
iiassslc: classicism
ertiasln: centralism
rioosfnm: conformism
rtuioosn: consortium
rrooofhl: chloroform
euiopdnm: compendium
tiipaasl: capitalism
11
errtuioam: crematorium
ertiioasn: creationism
rrtioopas: corporatism
rruuoadbn: carborundum
iiaaslbnn: cannibalism
iiooaslln: colonialism
eruiossnm: consumerism
12
ertioassvn: conservatism
etiiosllcv: collectivism
rtiioashcm: chromaticism
13
eriioaslcmm: commercialism
ertyuashhnm: chrysanthemum
quiiooaslll: colloquialism
14
rttuiiosscvn: constructivism
15
etiiooaslvnnn: conventionalism
17
tttuiiiooasslnn: constitutionalism

cl
3
o: col
4
oo: cool
el: cell
ru: curl
wo: cowl
al: call
oa: coal
ul: cull
io: coil
5
eru: cruel
iiv: civil
eam: camel
aab: cabal
roa: carol, coral
aan: canal
eer: creel
wra: crawl
ihl: chill
6
uupf: cupful
erra: carrel
erta: cartel
eish: chisel
eoav: coeval
oaln: clonal
epah: chapel
rpaa: carpal
eudg: cudgel
eera: cereal
ruia: curial
eann: cannel
eacn: cancel
rroa: corral
riah: chiral
eopm: compel
uosn: consul
yabm: cymbal
uaas: casual, causal
raan: carnal
uaad: caudal
roah: choral
tioa: coital
7
rtyas: crystal
roadh: chordal
eooln: colonel
eahnn: channel
uiacb: cubical
eahcn: chancel
euosn: counsel
eraam: caramel
rioad: cordial
iiodc: codicil
eroan: corneal
riaan: cranial
eraav: caravel
rtuas: crustal
euhnn: chunnel
tiopa: capitol
ruiac: crucial
ettah: chattel
rtoon: control
uaasl: clausal
rtuia: curtail
etiad: citadel
ioaax: coaxial
tipaa: capital
raaac: caracal
wriog: cowgirl
eoagn: congeal
yiacn: cynical
eoacn: conceal
rooan: coronal
toaas: coastal
ertan: central
ioacm: comical
eruaf: careful
ioacn: conical
uiocn: council
8
riianm: criminal
ooafcn: confocal
uoagjn: conjugal
ryoabn: carbonyl
rtioos: cortisol
rtioac: cortical
riaadn: cardinal
eerokc: cockerel
yialcc: cyclical
rtioal: clitoral
ryoaxb: carboxyl
uoanmm: communal
eriacv: cervical
ioascm: cosmical
eerufh: cheerful
eroanm: cornmeal
riagll: callgirl
eoopss: cesspool
eiahcm: chemical
ertuaf: crateful
iaabnn: cannibal
iooaln: colonial
tioakc: cocktail
erialc: clerical
riaavn: carnival
roaahc: charcoal
iialcn: clinical
rroopa: corporal
rtiiac: critical
rtuual: cultural
eruoas: carousel
ooassl: colossal
eerrab: cerebral
9
iaasslc: classical
ertaadh: cathedral
iioavvn: convivial
tuioasd: custodial
eioagnn: congenial
eioagll: collegial
wertuaa: caterwaul
rooafnm: conformal
erroopa: corporeal
erioasn: censorial
iooadll: colloidal
ioaacnn: canonical
eetiasl: celestial
weertah: cartwheel
tuioann: continual
ttioamm: committal
uofhklc: chockfull
ruuoofl: colourful
10
quiooall: colloquial
ertoaall: collateral
eerioanm: ceremonial
eriiahcm: chimerical
oaalbnnn: cannonball
etuopacn: conceptual
rrtuioaa: curatorial
erioacmm: commercial
euoassnn: consensual
etioagnn: congenital
ettuoaxn: contextual
eetiannn: centennial
11
ertuoajcn: conjectural
tyiooaglc: cytological
roooashmm: chromosomal
ertuiafgn: centrifugal
eriiaahcm: chimaerical
iiooaslln: collisional
tiiooadnn: conditional
eertooshl: cholesterol
ertioaagc: categorical
eerttipan: centripetal
rttuoaacn: contractual
tooaasnnn: consonantal
ryiiadlcn: cylindrical
ettioannn: continental
ryoophhll: chlorophyll
tuioaflcn: conflictual
ertuioofn: counterfoil
12
rrttuioaam: courtmartial
etiooavnnn: conventional
etiioadcnn: coincidental
ertuioagnn: congruential
ioooasglcm: cosmological
errtiooacn: correctional
eiooassfnn: confessional
rttuopaann: contrapuntal
etiioadfnn: confidential
eiooasscnn: concessional
etiooacvnn: convectional
errtuaafhc: characterful
13
errtiooasvn: controversial
qeetuioasnn: consequential
ttuioopaanm: computational
tioooaallcn: collocational
erioopassnm: compressional
rtiiooaabnm: combinatorial
eriooassgnn: congressional
rioooaghlcn: chronological
tiiooopasnm: compositional
14
rrtiioopaasn: conspiratorial
ertiooassscn: crosssectional
ertiooaaggnn: congregational
eiooasscnnmm: commonsensical
rttuiiaascnm: circumstantial
riiiooaglcnm: criminological
tttuiiooasnn: constitutional
rttuiooascnn: constructional
rtioooaafnnm: conformational
tiiooaagllcm: climatological
ertiooaasvnn: conversational
ioopaaaglcnm: campanological
15
eerrtuiiafcnm: circumferential
rttioooaafnnn: confrontational
18
rtuiiioaaagcvnnm: circumnavigational

cc
4
ih: chic
5
yin: cynic
ion: conic
iom: comic
iiv: civic
uib: cubic
6
etil: celtic
rtii: citric, critic
oagn: cognac
iiln: clinic
tyis: cystic
eihm: chemic
eril: cleric
yilc: cyclic
iosm: cosmic
7
ioann: canonic
iassl: classic
rtyip: cryptic
ertin: centric
riohn: chronic
tuias: caustic
iooln: colonic
riaad: cardiac
eriam: ceramic
tioah: chaotic
8
tiialm: climatic
eruihb: cherubic
tuiisb: cubistic
euasdl: culdesac
eerial: celeriac
etiosm: cosmetic
tiioan: cationic
tioahl: catholic
rioabn: carbonic
rioalb: carbolic
9
riioafl: calorific
riiahlv: chivalric
raaahbn: charabanc
ttyioox: cytotoxic
tiialcm: climactic
rttiaah: cathartic
etiianm: cinematic
ttioaan: catatonic
eryiogn: cryogenic
rrtiioh: cirrhotic
rtioahm: chromatic
ttyiaal: catalytic
10
ertiocnn: concentric
eertyibn: cybernetic
11
tyiaaslcm: cataclysmic
tyiopaslm: cytoplasmic
eettyiogn: cytogenetic
rtiiaashm: charismatic
eiiopsfcn: conspecific
12
errtioohnm: chronometric
riipaaghll: calligraphic
tuiiiashvn: chauvinistic
rrtiopaagh: cartographic
ttiiipaasl: capitalistic
rttiopaash: catastrophic
rrtiiopahc: chiropractic
eriioagcnn: carcinogenic
13
rrtyioppagh: cryptographic
tiiiaaslbnn: cannibalistic
rttyyipaaln: cryptanalytic
errioopaghh: choreographic
14
rtuioopashlb: claustrophobic
errttiiaashc: characteristic
15
rrtioopaaghhm: chromatographic
16
eeerttuiopahhm: chemotherapeutic
rrtyiopaasghll: crystallographic

cb
3
a: cab
u: cub
o: cob
4
ul: club
om: comb
ra: crab
ru: curb
ri: crib
5
eel: celeb
ilm: climb
rum: crumb
6
eruh: cherub
weob: cobweb
7
ooxcm: coxcomb
uoolm: coulomb
8
toaacm: catacomb

ca
4
om: coma
od: coda
oc: coca
ub: cuba
ol: cola
5
rui: curia
ooc: cocoa
rob: cobra
omm: comma
ogn: conga
ihn: china
rop: copra
iil: cilia
ric: circa
6
rohm: chroma
eron: cornea
eroh: chorea
roon: corona
tipa: capita
eram: camera
aadn: canada
rton: contra
uopl: cupola
erim: crimea
iadc: cicada
ahhc: chacha
einm: cinema
oalc: cloaca
7
riosc: corsica
rtioa: croatia
raasc: cascara
rroop: corpora
erohl: cholera
eradl: caldera
ualnn: cannula
eidll: cedilla
ttaan: cantata
aassv: cassava
eohlc: cochlea
eadzn: cadenza
erihm: chimera
8
eriahm: chimaera
tuionn: continua
errtii: criteria
rypaab: capybara
oaasvn: casanova
errabn: canberra
ioadbm: cambodia
riashm: charisma
ttualc: calcutta
9
uuiahhh: chihuahua
yiadhlm: chlamydia
rtioosn: consortia
quiooll: colloquia
rruuilc: curricula
eiopdnm: compendia
rioacnm: carcinoma
eertiaf: cafeteria
10
ruioopcn: cornucopia
ertiocnn: concertina
eraadlbn: candelabra
riioafln: california
errtioam: crematoria
erriodll: cordillera
erriodgn: corrigenda
14
rtuioopashlb: claustrophobia

wp
4
oh: whop
ee: weep
ah: whap
is: wisp
ih: whip
as: wasp
im: wimp
ra: warp, wrap
5
ehl: whelp
ooh: whoop
6
oall: wallop
ruam: warmup
7
riash: warship
rtook: worktop
riosh: worship
8
rooshk: workshop
riasdh: wardship
10
wioosdhn: windowshop
11
rioashknm: workmanship

cg
3
o: cog
4
el: cleg
ol: clog
uh: chug
ra: crag
5
aln: clang
iln: cling
uln: clung
uin: cuing
6
ryob: cyborg
ryin: crying
iavn: caving
iakn: caking
ioxn: coxing
eidn: ceding
uibn: cubing
iann: caning
wion: cowing
iodn: coding
iopn: coping
iagn: caging
ioon: cooing
ruin: curing
euin: cueing
ionm: coming
tiin: citing
iasn: casing
rian: caring
wian: cawing
7
tiosn: costing
ttuin: cutting
wioln: cowling
riavn: carving, craving
iahcn: caching
iokcn: cocking
iookn: cooking
riann: craning
tiasn: casting
ipanm: camping
ialvn: calving
ioaxn: coaxing
iolnn: cloning
yioln: cloying
iidhn: chiding
ruisn: cursing
iihnm: chiming
uinnn: cunning
iobnm: combing
eiiln: ceiling
iannn: canning
wialn: clawing
iionn: coining
uiasn: causing
iodln: codling
ruivn: curving
yiopn: copying
uippn: cupping
rtian: carting
ruibn: curbing
weihn: chewing
iooln: cooling
eiasn: ceasing
werin: crewing
uilln: culling
iafhn: chafing
ippan: capping
iioln: coiling
ialbn: cabling
iosln: closing
wrion: crowing
iohkn: choking
ruiln: curling
ialnm: calming
ialln: calling
iashn: cashing, chasing
tioan: coating
ripan: carping
riadn: carding
yilcn: cycling
uiffn: cuffing
8
riibbn: cribbing
ioggln: clogging
eriakn: creaking
tuionn: counting
riookn: crooking
rtiahn: charting
yiaddn: caddying
riaknn: cranking
iolbbn: cobbling
riignn: cringing
ripanm: cramping
wrialn: crawling
iaglnn: clanging
ruiisn: cruising
ioahcn: coaching
wiolnn: clowning
iophnm: chomping
rryian: carrying
iipphn: chipping
rtiofn: crofting
rriahn: charring
ruiosn: coursing
eripan: capering
ioakln: cloaking
rianmm: cramming
ippaln: clapping
ttiahn: chatting
ialnmm: clamming
iiklnn: clinking
ioajln: cajoling
uiklcn: clucking
eialnn: cleaning
iahcnn: chancing
eeihkn: cheeking
eeripn: creeping
uiopln: coupling
iopphn: chopping
tiahcn: catching
uihkcn: chucking
iahkln: chalking
eerihn: cheering
riossn: crossing
iaghnn: changing
iiglnn: clinging
eriovn: covering
iihlln: chilling
uiakln: caulking
uilbbn: clubbing
uiodln: clouding
iassln: classing
uiplnm: clumping
tiasln: castling
uioghn: coughing
iiahnn: chaining
iaklcn: cackling, clacking
iiklcn: clicking
iihknn: chinking
rioakn: croaking
iashln: clashing
wrionn: crowning
ipahnm: champing
ertisn: cresting
riipnm: crimping
iaffhn: chaffing
iilbnm: climbing
riadln: cradling
werion: cowering
ertinn: centring
wriodn: crowding
eioann: canoeing
riakcn: cracking
rtuion: courting
riaghn: charging
tioasn: coasting
uiddln: cuddling
iooshn: choosing
riiphn: chirping
rryuin: currying
iialnm: claiming
rioppn: cropping
erialn: clearing
tiohln: clothing
ruidln: curdling
eihkcn: checking
ippahn: chapping
iippln: clipping
ipalnm: clamping
etiovn: coveting
ertian: catering, creating
iaddln: cladding
ioddln: coddling
riilcn: circling
eialvn: cleaving
riiahn: chairing
iaklnn: clanking
tiahnn: chanting
ruihnn: churning
eeiphn: cheeping
rtiafn: crafting
etiahn: cheating
ruishn: crushing
eriocn: coercing
riashn: crashing
ttioln: clotting
uiohcn: couching
rioonn: crooning
eriasn: creasing
erianm: creaming
uigghn: chugging
ioklcn: clocking
riahnm: charming
ruibnm: crumbing
ipasln: clasping
9
iooslnn: consoling
iiofnnn: confining
iiovnnn: conniving
uihklcn: chuckling
tioonnn: connoting
ruiohcn: crouching
ertiann: cantering
riopanm: comparing
iioppcn: coppicing
eiovnnn: convening
riaklcn: crackling
riippln: crippling
rtiohln: chortling
yiihvvn: chivvying
iialxnm: climaxing
rtioavn: cavorting
eiaslnn: cleansing
toaaddn: catanddog
iiodfnn: confiding
ioodnnn: condoning
eetinnm: cementing
eerrian: careering
eihlcnn: clenching
rioalln: collaring
iihlcnn: clinching
ruiplnm: crumpling
rrioodn: corroding
eruisnn: censuring
eriosnn: censoring
ruiojnn: conjuring
ertipan: carpeting
ioannnn: cannoning
iioplnm: compiling
iaasdcn: cascading
iiodlln: colliding
rtuuiln: culturing
yiiodfn: codifying
rtuipan: capturing
tuiopnm: computing
ruioasn: carousing
uiosnnm: consuming
uiosfnn: confusing
ruihcnn: crunching
ruiasdn: crusading
eriassn: caressing
iiobnnm: combining
tioalln: collating
tioabnm: combating
uiodlln: colluding
iipaszn: capsizing
eertinn: centreing
rtyuisn: curtsying
ioopsnm: composing
etiopnm: competing
tuihlcn: clutching
eyiovnn: conveying
tuionmm: commuting
riiklnn: crinkling
yioplnm: complying
eiodcnn: conceding
ertiidn: crediting
ruiooln: colouring
errionn: cornering
uionnmm: communing
ruilbnm: crumbling
10
ertiocnn: concreting
tiioahbn: cohabiting
tiopacnm: compacting
tyiaasln: catalysing
eriogvnn: converging
tiiasshn: chastising
rrtuiopn: corrupting
ertiovnn: converting
errtiahn: chartering
ioadnnmm: commanding
etiollcn: collecting
erttiahn: chattering
rtioofnm: comforting
etiocvnn: convecting
iiooslnn: colonising
eiopllnm: compelling
erialbnm: clambering
eiossfnn: confessing
ertyuisn: curtseying
eiosdnnn: condensing
ertyiifn: certifying
uiioshnn: cushioning
rruiocnn: concurring
eetopshl: clothespeg
etiocnnn: connecting
eioaslcn: coalescing
rtiiovnn: contriving
iiocvnnn: convincing
rtioosnn: consorting
tuiioann: cautioning
eiiocvnn: conceiving
ertuionn: countering
iaassvnn: canvassing
ryiiafln: clarifying
tiipaann: captaining
eriosvnn: conserving, conversing
tuiopaln: copulating
eiaghlnn: changeling
etiosnnn: consenting
eeipahnn: cheapening
eioaglnn: congealing
qeeruihn: chequering
riiopsnn: conspiring
riiopsnm: comprising
ttioacnn: contacting
eiishlln: chiselling
etiodnnn: contending
ettiosnn: contesting
rttiaasn: castrating
rtuioonn: contouring
iiosgnnn: consigning
eerihkcn: checkering
iiiislvn: civilising
qertuion: croqueting
eriocnnn: concerning
etiiosxn: coexisting
iioojnnn: conjoining
tiiossnn: consisting
erriofnn: conferring
iiiodcnn: coinciding
ttiionmm: committing
tuiodcnn: conducting
etionnmm: commenting
tioaflnn: conflating
ertuisln: clustering
ettionnn: contenting
rtuiosnn: construing
qeruionn: conquering
erttialn: clattering
rrtioasn: costarring
rtuiiann: curtaining
eioalcnn: concealing
rioofnnm: conforming
ertiikcn: cricketing
eiodnnmm: commending
erttuiln: cluttering
eiallcnn: cancelling
ruioalnm: clamouring
tiooccnn: concocting
ryuiifcn: crucifying
tiioannn: containing
etiashnn: chastening
ertuihnn: chuntering
riiofnnm: confirming
eiocnnmm: commencing
etioplnm: completing
uioslvnn: convulsing
etiosgnn: congesting
tiiocvnn: convicting
eiodnnnm: condemning
tuiionnn: continuing
tuioslnn: consulting
errtiocn: correcting
ttiioagn: cogitating
iopaslln: collapsing
rtuiialn: curtailing
eriishhn: cherishing
rttioonn: contorting
uiodlcnn: concluding
11
tuioagjnn: conjugating
eriiosdnn: considering
tuiiossnm: customising
tiioflcnn: conflicting
eiahllnnn: channelling
ertioopan: cooperating
rtiiaalbn: calibrating
iipaagnnm: campaigning
tuiaallcn: calculating
rtioollnn: controlling
riiohlcnn: chronicling
ttuipaaln: catapulting
ttiiaasgn: castigating
rttioasnn: contrasting
yiiassfln: classifying
tuiialnnm: culminating
ruiioosln: colourising
riaaavnnn: caravanning
eiiallvnn: cleanliving
eiaghllnn: challenging
rtuiooahn: coauthoring
tuioaagln: cataloguing
errtioaln: correlating
rttioacnn: contracting
ttiipaavn: captivating
rtuiialcn: circulating
iiopalnnm: complaining
eriopssnm: compressing
ertiishnn: christening
tttuioscn: costcutting
ruiiofgnn: configuring
ertuiiasn: cauterising
eertialbn: celebrating
uioopdnnm: compounding
rtiiiiscn: criticising
rtioofnnn: confronting
euiosllnn: counselling
iiopahnnm: championing
ttuiialvn: cultivating
uioodfnnn: confounding
12
ertiioasgn: categorising
riaasdhlnn: crashlanding
rtiiopscnn: conscripting
rtiioasnnn: constraining
rttiioscnn: constricting
ertioascnn: consecrating
ttuiipaaln: capitulating
rttuiiobnn: contributing
tiioasfcnn: confiscating
eioaslcvnn: convalescing
ettioannmm: commentating
ertuiifgnn: centrifuging
etiopasnnm: compensating
iioashknnm: chainsmoking
eriiadhlbn: childbearing
ertuiojcnn: conjecturing
riioopsnmm: compromising
rtiiooadnn: coordinating
tiiopalcnm: complicating
uioaafglnm: camouflaging
tiiioalcnn: conciliating
eeriofcnnn: conferencing
tiiioodnnn: conditioning
tiiipaasln: capitalising
rtyiiopghn: copyrighting
ertiiaslnn: centralising
ertioaggnn: congregating
rttuioscnn: constructing
tttuiiosnn: constituting
ertioavnnn: contravening
eyioacvnnn: conveyancing
eeeiashknm: cheesemaking
13
riiiiaslnnm: criminalising
eetioplnnmm: complementing
ertuiiopsnm: computerising
ttiioaannnm: contaminating
erttuioacnn: counteracting
eeriopdhnnm: comprehending
eriosshkccn: crosschecking
iiiaaslbnnn: cannibalising
rriooofhlnm: chloroforming
etuioacnnnn: countenancing
erttioacnnn: concentrating
rtiooaallbn: collaborating
ertiooanmmm: commemorating
eerioadnnmm: commandeering
tuiioacnnmm: communicating
rttiioadcnn: contradicting
etiioplnnmm: complimenting
erttioasnnn: consternating
ettiopalnnm: contemplating
ettioaacnnn: concatenating
ertiioasnmm: commiserating
ertuiicvnnm: circumventing
tiiooasdlnn: consolidating
rrrtioooabn: corroborating
errioopsdnn: corresponding
iiioossnnmm: commissioning
eeiosddcnnn: condescending
rtyiiasslln: crystallising
14
errtiiaashcn: characterising
eerttuiiofnn: counterfeiting
eriioassxnnm: crossexamining
errioopaghhn: choreographing
rttuioaaglnn: congratulating
rruiiisccbnm: circumscribing
15
etuiiopaslcnn: conceptualising
16
eeerrriossfcnn: crossreferencing
ertuioaalcbnnn: counterbalancing
18
erttiiopaaslnnmm: compartmentalising

cf
10
rioopdhl: childproof
4
el: clef
uf: cuff
al: calf
eh: chef
5
ufh: chuff
ial: calif
ifl: cliff
afh: chaff
eih: chief
7
toasf: castoff
riadf: cardiff

ce
3
u: cue
4
ad: cade
ag: cage
af: cafe
ed: cede
ak: cake
av: cave
am: came
an: cane
as: case
in: cine
ru: cure
tu: cute
pa: cape
ra: care
ti: cite
ro: core
on: cone
om: come
ol: cole
ok: coke
od: code
ul: clue
ov: cove
ub: cube
op: cope
5
roh: chore
ahc: cache
olb: coble
rta: crate
ron: crone
tas: caste
ran: crane
uas: cause
alb: cable
oln: clone
rav: carve, crave
osh: chose
rim: crime
osl: close
olv: clove
ihm: chime
alv: calve
ros: corse
raz: craze
uop: coupe
afh: chafe
oan: canoe
ohk: choke
adg: cadge
rui: curie
ops: copse
rud: crude
tuh: chute
rus: curse
eas: cease
ash: chase
ruv: curve
ert: crete
erp: crepe
ylc: cycle
idh: chide
erm: creme
6
erol: creole
adln: candle
ertn: centre
eroh: cohere
uopl: couple
iann: canine
radl: cradle
erta: create
eris: cerise
eroc: coerce
ioll: collie
rrua: curare
rilc: circle
eras: crease
ihlc: cliche
iohc: choice
rtua: curate
iadd: caddie
rohm: chrome
rign: cringe
olbb: cobble
tyoo: coyote
tohl: clothe
uasl: clause
ruis: cruise
quil: clique
aklc: cackle
ealv: cleave
aghn: change
iosn: cosine
rudl: curdle
eoff: coffee
oosh: choose
uddl: cuddle
erhc: creche
ttul: cuttle
ruos: course
tash: chaste
oajl: cajole
ttal: cattle
tasl: castle
rops: corpse
qeuh: cheque
ragh: charge
eesh: cheese
ahcn: chance
raaf: carafe
oddl: coddle
roas: coarse
paan: canape
oklc: cockle
7
toadh: cathode
roahl: chorale
upasl: capsule
roalc: coracle
oodnn: condone
ruool: coloure
eropm: compere
yolcn: cyclone
aagbb: cabbage
toall: collate
tuilc: cuticle
riaav: caviare
raklc: crackle
paalb: capable
ropam: compare
rttia: citrate
eodcn: concede
tyisn: cystine
tuopm: compute
ttoag: cottage
eovnn: convene
eiodn: codeine
riadb: carbide
yiadn: cyanide
iohln: choline
riahl: charlie
easln: cleanse
roasg: corsage
rikln: crinkle
tialc: calcite
ipasz: capsize
tialm: climate
ioplm: compile
ripac: caprice
oopsm: compose
tuosm: costume
tuosn: contuse
eishm: chemise
eishn: chinese
toonn: connote
oodln: condole
tiosv: costive
uosfn: confuse
uonmm: commune
iodll: collide
iodfn: confide
riabn: carbine
tipav: captive
rtuul: culture
rtuuo: couture
oosln: console
aasdc: cascade
tiakl: catlike
ioagn: coinage
oagll: collage
raagn: carnage
rippl: cripple
etopm: compete
ioscn: concise
roadm: comrade
roadg: cordage
tuomm: commute
ruasd: crusade
eadcn: cadence
oodmm: commode
ruisv: cursive
uiisn: cuisine
rtohl: chortle
iobnm: combine
iahlc: chalice
ruojn: conjure
roagk: corkage
toagn: cognate
ruosl: closure
iofnn: confine
rialb: calibre
riocn: cornice
ooasb: caboose
ioppc: coppice
oacvn: concave
oogln: cologne
rtiod: cordite
rttua: cutrate
rulbm: crumble
ertog: cortege
uoagl: cagoule
ioacn: cocaine
ericv: crevice
etinm: centime
iovnn: connive
uilcb: cubicle
rrood: corrode
iahcn: chicane
rioal: calorie
ruoas: carouse
uodll: collude
ruoag: courage
rtupa: capture
rianm: carmine
erusn: censure
raadh: charade
raasc: carcase
ruplm: crumple
eogll: college
ertio: coterie
rtoad: cordate
ertam: cremate
uhklc: chuckle
rualb: curable
uosnm: consume
8
ryoalm: claymore
etialb: celibate
qrtuii: critique
tooasm: comatose
oasllb: closable
rtuiac: cruciate
eerdcn: credence
riohln: chlorine
tialcn: canticle
oolvvn: convolve
uuadlm: cumlaude
ertoos: creosote
ruilcb: crucible
errtua: creature
eocnmm: commence
riagbb: cribbage
erttov: corvette
rttaas: castrate
eoadnm: codename
eioshv: cohesive
oalcvn: conclave
ttipaa: capitate
rtiohm: chromite
eosdnn: condense
eriocv: coercive
iocvnn: convince
eoaslc: coalesce
etyisn: cysteine
aalllb: callable
tuionn: continue
qettuo: coquette
rtuiav: curative
erosvn: conserve, converse
riodhl: chloride
uodlcn: conclude
riopal: capriole
rttion: contrite
ripafm: campfire
rtoahl: chlorate
rtuosn: construe
ruoskc: cocksure
ettass: cassette
ioalmm: camomile
oaaflc: coalface
iiislv: civilise
weahlb: chewable
eroagv: coverage
eiocvn: conceive
eridlb: credible
iallcv: clavicle
riopsm: comprise
eaaglv: cleavage
riopsn: conspire
tipasm: campsite
erocmm: commerce
rtiovn: contrive
tiassh: chastise
opasll: collapse
upallb: culpable
ooadlb: caboodle
wrooak: cookware
tyaasl: catalyse
yopalb: copyable
rpaaac: carapace
rtuipc: cutprice
rriaag: carriage
iiodcn: coincide
rruilc: curricle
tyiosn: cytosine
tuopal: copulate
eerraf: carefree
ioaslm: camisole
ioasnn: canonise
etoplm: complete
erassv: crevasse
ertoan: carotene
ertiav: creative
ttioag: cogitate
eiopdc: codpiece
uoslvn: convulse
erogvn: converge
erashm: cashmere
ertocn: concrete
ruioff: coiffure
ioosln: colonise
9
eriolcb: coercible
rrtuuav: curvature
uiocbnn: concubine
eiadlnn: celandine
wiosklc: clockwise
tyipasc: cityscape
rtuiagl: curtilage
ruoopsm: composure
eeriasf: ceasefire
etuilll: cellulite
rroakcn: corncrake
rioasbn: carbonise
tuiaasv: causative
ttiaasg: castigate
erttuid: certitude
tioasln: coastline
tuoalbn: countable
etahkcm: checkmate
etuashn: chanteuse
eertalb: celebrate
ruooscn: concourse
rtioosn: cortisone
rooodmm: commodore
tuiossm: customise
rrtiadg: cartridge
tuaallc: calculate
eroassl: casserole
ruioosl: colourise
eetipdn: centipede
ruiofgn: configure
ruopslc: corpuscle
eriogcn: concierge
rioodlc: crocodile
rtiiisc: criticise
ertuias: cauterise
paaghnm: champagne
euoagll: colleague
tuoagjn: conjugate
ooadlnn: colonnade
rtiaagl: cartilage
eiosgnn: consignee
ertaalb: creatable
uiodcvn: conducive
errtoal: correlate
erttuog: courgette
tooahlc: chocolate
aaadlcv: cavalcade
rtiaalb: calibrate
eraalcn: clearance
iidhkll: childlike
ipaalnm: campanile
tuoaagl: catalogue, coagulate
wrioadc: cowardice
tuoasln: consulate
riohlcn: chronicle
eetilln: clientele
eeohkbn: cheekbone
ioahlmm: chamomile
rualcbn: carbuncle
rrioavn: carnivore
rtuialc: circulate
rtioopl: coprolite
rtoaabn: carbonate
tiiogvn: cognitive
eropahn: chaperone
ttuialv: cultivate
uuoshlb: clubhouse
riiolnn: crinoline
ettiomm: committee
rtuoahc: cartouche
riadhlc: childcare
ertoopa: cooperate
ttipaav: captivate
tioopsm: composite
tioavbm: combative
tiaaddn: candidate
tuialnm: culminate
toaslbn: constable
rrtoopa: corporate
erttiag: cigarette
rrioosv: corrosive
rioalln: coralline
qerttuo: croquette
euoslll: cellulose
roafkln: cornflake
iaallbm: claimable
taasslm: classmate
raaklcb: crackable
eerohcn: coherence
eaghlln: challenge
iallbbm: climbable
rriossf: crossfire
10
rtioakcc: cockatrice
ertiadlb: creditable
etiosgvn: congestive
tuopalbm: computable
tttuiosn: constitute
eerttinm: centimetre
rooallbn: collarbone
ertioasg: categorise
uioslcvn: conclusive
eruosbmm: cumbersome
ioagzcnn: cognizance
ertoavnn: contravene
tioadfnn: confidante
tuopaaln: cantaloupe
quuionmm: communique
rtiooadn: coordinate
eiodfcnn: confidence
rtyoohcm: cytochrome
etoasdnn: condensate
ttuipaal: capitulate
eerofcnn: conference
tuoasnmm: consummate
etioagll: collegiate
ertoaggn: congregate
tuiallvb: cultivable
etiocnnn: continence
tiioalcn: conciliate
uoasflbn: confusable
tiopalcm: complicate
ertuojcn: conjecture
ertoascn: consecrate
eeeashkc: cheesecake
eraaghlb: chargeable
tioasfcn: confiscate
euoflcnn: confluence
tiipaasl: capitalise
tuuialvm: cumulative
ioacvnnn: connivance
eaaghlbn: changeable
uoaafglm: camouflage
ooadlbnn: condonable
erypascb: cyberspace
eyoacvnn: conveyance
eoodlcnn: condolence
eiosccnn: conscience
rttuiobn: contribute
etioslbm: comestible
uoaslbnm: consumable
ooascnnn: consonance
etiocvnn: connective
ropaalbm: comparable
tuiodcvn: conductive
tiipaacv: capacitive
uaalllcb: calculable
eopahlln: cellophane
etiocvvn: convective
ertuifgn: centrifuge
rrtuiaac: caricature
etiollcv: collective
ttiioagv: cogitative
ioasgcnn: cognisance
eoaslcvn: convalesce
uioslvvn: convulsive
rtiaahlb: charitable
iopallbm: compilable
ettoanmm: commentate
rioopsmm: compromise
eruogcnn: congruence
tiopalbm: compatible
etopasnm: compensate
rtuuoosh: courthouse
tuiaalnm: calumniate
ertiadgn: centigrade
uiopslvm: compulsive
ertiasln: centralise
ruiisccm: circumcise
ioashknm: chainsmoke
iopalcnm: compliance
rioaacvn: covariance
roooshmm: chromosome
uopasdlc: cloudscape
errtiocv: corrective
eipahznm: chimpanzee
eetopcnm: competence
11
ertopppal: copperplate
wrtyuiodn: countrywide
ettoaslbn: contestable
rooafcnnm: conformance
rrrtoooab: corroborate
tuiaallcv: calculative
etoalllcb: collectable
qruioohln: chloroquine
tipaaaccn: capacitance
rruiiaslc: circularise
tuiojcvnn: conjunctive
tuioalbnn: continuable
rrtuioplb: corruptible
ertioopav: cooperative
erriaaadm: camaraderie
rtooaallb: collaborate
ttoaalcbn: contactable
errtioalv: correlative
tuioslbbm: combustible
eetiosxcn: coexistence
tuiopsvnm: consumptive
rttopaash: catastrophe
ettoaacnn: concatenate
qeeuoscnn: consequence
iopaslllb: collapsible
rooadccnn: concordance
erruoccnn: concurrence
ttuioavmm: commutative
eeertipcn: centrepiece
rtioacvnn: contrivance
etuoacnnn: countenance
etiasdlnn: clandestine
etiolcvnn: conventicle
eoadlbnnm: condemnable
errtoosnn: cornerstone
rttioasvn: contrastive
ettiiopvm: competitive
ertuiopsm: computerise
rtooaflbm: comfortable
eriiioshn: chinoiserie
eriopssvm: compressive
ertooammm: commemorate
eertoadfn: confederate
rtyiaslln: crystalline
tuoaaflbn: confabulate
eerogcvnn: convergence
errtuiahc: charcuterie
rtyuiosdn: countryside
etopallbm: completable
rtiopaavm: comparative
iiaaslbnn: cannibalise
ttioaannm: contaminate
rtpaashhc: catchphrase
ruiiaflcb: crucifiable
rtyiassll: crystallise
ertiiaflb: certifiable
rttioalcn: contractile
ertioasdn: considerate
etuioscvn: consecutive
eeiocvnnn: convenience
oopalcnmm: commonplace
eoossnnmm: commonsense
riiiaslnm: criminalise
erttiiafc: certificate
errtoalcb: correctable
eiiodccnn: coincidence
eetiosxvn: coextensive
rtuiaaddn: candidature
eioalcvbn: conceivable
tuoadccnn: conductance
rooaflbnm: conformable
eeoaslccn: coalescence
erttoacnn: concentrate
ettopalnm: contemplate
ertiolvbn: convertible
tuioacnnn: continuance
eoadlbnmm: commendable
tuioacnmm: communicate
tioaalbnn: containable
tiooasdln: consolidate
ertioasmm: commiserate
qeruoalbn: conquerable
ertuopann: counterpane
12
rttuoaagln: congratulate
ertioasvvn: conservative
ertuioopsn: counterpoise
tuioasslbm: customisable
errtiaashc: characterise
wrrtiioasn: contrariwise
tttuiiosvn: constitutive
ertuoasnmm: commensurate
ettioplbnm: contemptible
rttuioscvn: constructive
ertoppasfl: craftspeople
erioasdlbn: considerable
rttiioscvn: constrictive
rruiisccbm: circumscribe
ttuioaslvn: consultative
erioassxnm: crossexamine
uioalcbnmm: communicable
ertooaglnm: conglomerate
iooaslcbnn: conscionable
rrtyoaadhb: carbohydrate
ruioafglbn: configurable
eriopsslbm: compressible
rtuiasccnm: circumstance
ryioaalcvn: clairvoyance
iiaassfllb: classifiable
rttioalcbn: contractible
rtooalllbn: controllable
13
eriioaslcmm: commercialise
errtiooasvn: conservatoire
eeoaslccvnn: convalescence
ertiooavmmm: commemorative
tuiioacvnmm: communicative
erttiopacvn: contraceptive
ettiopalvnm: contemplative
rrrtioooavb: corroborative
tioopaassnm: compassionate
etuiopaslcn: conceptualise
rtiooaallvb: collaborative
rttuoaslcbn: constructable
rtyiopaghlb: copyrightable
eriooaszvnn: conversazione
eerruifccnm: circumference
eeriopshvnm: comprehensive
ioopaalbnnm: companionable
eettiosffcv: costeffective
14
ertuoaalcbnn: counterbalance
ertuialcvbnm: circumventable
eeerrrossfcn: crossreference
riiiooassnmm: commissionaire
eeriopshlbnm: comprehensible
rtuiiaagcvnm: circumnavigate
eerroopsdcnn: correspondence
16
ertttuuiiiovnn: counterintuitive
eerrtttuiopalm: computerliterate
eertuioosffvnn: counteroffensive
17
eeeuiishlccnnmm: chemiluminescence
errttuuioopdcvn: counterproductive
19
eeerttuiiogllcnnn: counterintelligence

cd
3
a: cad
u: cud
o: cod
4
ru: curd
ol: clod, cold
ah: chad
al: clad
ra: card
eu: cued
ro: cord
5
roh: chord
uip: cupid
ihl: child
eul: clued
wro: crowd
weo: cowed
eub: cubed
yac: cycad
uol: cloud, could
eak: caked
ean: caned
eag: caged
eas: cased
eav: caved
eru: cured
eox: coxed
eod: coded
eoo: cooed
eon: coned
eer: creed
eop: coped
era: cared
eed: ceded
eti: cited
eri: cried
epa: caped
6
uiob: cuboid
erad: carded
eihm: chimed
eafh: chafed
eadg: cadged
erta: carted
eron: corned
erah: chared
erav: carved, craved
eiop: copied
iadn: candid
weer: crewed
euff: cuffed
wroa: coward
etos: costed
epam: camped
etoa: coated
eonn: conned
eahc: cached
weol: cowled
eann: canned
eash: cashed, chased
eraz: crazed
eall: called
eoln: cloned
eion: coined
erul: curled
erod: corded
ealb: cabled
eool: cooled
eoan: canoed
etan: canted
ealm: calmed
erub: curbed
weeh: chewed
eeas: ceased
weal: clawed
eook: cooked
eupp: cupped
eobm: combed
erus: cursed
eruv: curved
eidh: chided
eohk: choked
eran: craned
euas: caused
eiol: coiled
eppa: capped
eokc: cocked
raan: canard
erok: corked
eylc: cycled
eosl: closed
eoax: coaxed
eoop: cooped
wero: crowed
eull: culled
7
weero: cowered
eramm: crammed
erakc: cracked
erudl: curdled
ertua: curated
erilc: circled
euddl: cuddled
eroak: croaked
eropp: cropped
eealv: cleaved
etahn: chanted
ettah: chatted
weral: crawled
etahc: catched
iooll: colloid
weosh: cowshed
eealn: cleaned
eruis: cruised
etuol: clouted
eoklc: clocked
etuon: counted
roocn: concord
erohm: chromed
eippl: clipped
eipph: chipped
eiklc: clicked
rtuas: custard
eradl: cradled
euodl: clouded
eikln: clinked
eolbb: cobbled
weron: crowned
eaffh: chaffed
eopph: chopped
eashl: clashed
euklc: clucked
erash: crashed
eilbm: climbed
ertus: crusted
eihkn: chinked
eaghn: changed
eihll: chilled
eribb: cribbed
erakn: cranked
eoajl: cajoled
eross: crossed
eetsh: chested
ertuo: courted
etasl: castled
eassl: classed
eripm: crimped
weroh: cowherd
errah: charred
weoln: clowned
eagln: clanged
etohl: clothed
eerts: crested
ettol: clotted
euplm: clumped
eulbb: clubbed
eruos: coursed
eoakl: cloaked
eerta: catered, created
erria: carried
eiahn: chained
eertn: centred
eoahc: coached
ealmm: clammed
erign: cringed
euogh: coughed
yiolc: cycloid
eeehk: cheeked
eeroc: coerced
eeroh: cohered
eetah: cheated
eerov: covered
eppah: chapped
epasl: clasped
eophm: chomped
euohc: couched
werod: crowded
euopl: coupled
etonn: contend
eonmm: commend
rtioa: carotid
eakln: clanked
etoas: coasted
erips: crisped
eaklc: cackled
euhkc: chucked
eriph: chirped
erahm: charmed
etoac: coacted
eruhn: churned
oanmm: command
woahn: cowhand
epalm: clamped
eragh: charged
uoklc: cuckold
eahkl: chalked
euffh: chuffed
erook: crooked
eehkc: checked
eroon: crooned
eetov: coveted
eerak: creaked
eahcn: chanced
eeral: cleared
eeram: creamed
errui: curried
erush: crushed
erpam: cramped
eiadd: caddied
eeras: creased
eppal: clapped
eoggl: clogged
eeerh: cheered
ertah: charted
eialm: claimed
eerpa: capered
euggh: chugged
ertaf: crafted
eriah: chaired
8
eraklc: crackled
etuopm: computed
eryoan: crayoned
eeovnn: convened
ertohl: chortled
eeerra: careered
eiihvv: chivvied
eerusn: censured
eioppc: coppiced
ertupa: captured
eiofnn: confined
eroall: collared
euhklc: chuckled
eiobnm: combined
eerrta: cratered
erikln: crinkled
eoodnn: condoned
etuosm: costumed
eiiodf: codified
etoonn: connoted
euosnm: consumed
eialxm: climaxed
etuhlc: clutched
eeodcn: conceded
eruplm: crumpled
eoopsm: composed
eetosl: closeted
rtoaal: cartload
werood: codeword
uoopnm: compound
eeetnm: cemented
erulbm: crumbled
eoannn: cannoned
eiopan: canopied
euonmm: communed
ertuul: cultured
erippl: crippled
etuomm: commuted
eroodn: cordoned
eetoss: cosseted
eiodfn: confided
eioplm: compiled, complied
euodll: colluded
eeriph: ciphered
eruhcn: crunched
eertpa: carpeted
eertid: credited
eeyokc: cockeyed
eruasd: crusaded
eetopm: competed
eipasz: capsized
eerron: cornered
eropam: compared
eaasdc: cascaded
eeishl: chiseled
eiodll: collided
eruosh: chorused
eoosln: consoled
eihlcn: clinched
ruopab: cupboard
errood: corroded
etoall: collated
ettoon: cottoned
eerass: caressed
euolnm: columned
eruojn: conjured
ertuis: curtsied
ertion: centroid
eooocn: cocooned
eaasvn: canvased
ertoav: cavorted
riioad: cardioid
eeyovn: conveyed
eoodln: condoled
eiovnn: connived
etoabm: combated
eehlcn: clenched
eoaasl: caseload
eertam: cremated
eeasln: cleansed
eertan: cantered
eruohc: crouched
euosfn: confused
eerosn: censored
uoofnn: confound
9
eaassvn: canvassed
eetoplm: completed
etooccn: concocted
eeoadnm: codenamed
etiassh: chastised
euosscn: concussed
qeeruon: conquered
ertoosn: consorted
eiiislv: civilised
eertiif: certified
eetodnn: contended
eeocnmm: commenced
euoasll: calloused
eerishh: cherished
ooaahlc: coachload
euioshn: cushioned
eoadnmm: commanded
eeopllm: compelled
eopasll: collapsed
wrrooss: crossword
eioasnn: canonised
etuionn: continued
ettioag: cogitated
eerrtoc: corrected
eeralbm: clambered
eeoaslc: coalesced
eiiaflc: calcified
ertuosn: construed
etopacm: compacted
eertocn: concerted, concreted
eetiocn: conceited
qeertuo: croqueted
eeosdnn: condensed
etiocvn: convicted
eettonn: contented
werooad: cedarwood
ertuial: curtailed
eeiocvn: conceived
ertuian: curtained
eioojnn: conjoined
eoolvvn: convolved
eetocnn: connected
eeossfn: confessed
riopahb: chipboard
eiocvnn: convinced
eetonmm: commented
wriossn: crosswind
eeodnnm: condemned
eerttah: chattered
eerttal: clattered
eetashn: chastened
ertiovn: contrived
errossb: crossbred
eerogvn: converged
etipaan: captained
rroaadb: cardboard
eertuon: countered
etuioan: cautioned
eerocnn: concerned
eerafhm: chamfered
eetocvn: convected
eeerhkc: checkered
eriofnm: confirmed
eerrtah: chartered
eettosn: contested
etyaasl: catalysed
eeepahn: cheapened
ioodhhl: childhood
eruiifc: crucified
eeishll: chiselled
eertohc: crocheted
eiosgnn: consigned
euodklc: cuckolded
euodlcn: concluded
ertuoon: contoured
euiolll: celluloid
erttaas: castrated
etioann: contained
eertovn: converted
eerosvn: conserved, conversed
eeoalcn: concealed
raashln: crashland
eroofnm: conformed
eetosgn: congested
eertyus: curtseyed
errtoas: costarred
eriiafl: clarified
eetosnn: consented
ettiomm: committed
eerrofn: conferred
etuosln: consulted
rrtyuoa: courtyard
etoafln: conflated
ettoacn: contacted
etiopan: captioned
erroall: corralled
eeodnmm: commended
euoslvn: convulsed
eopassm: compassed
eeoagln: congealed
eetiosx: coexisted
eriofln: cornfield
eerttul: cluttered
wrtoahc: catchword
erruocn: concurred
etiossn: consisted
eioafll: coalfield
eriopsm: comprised
eriopsn: conspired
eerrryh: cherryred
eetollc: collected
riopalb: clipboard
erttoon: contorted
eioosln: colonised
eertusl: clustered
etuodcn: conducted
etuosbm: combusted
eeallcn: cancelled
qeeeruh: chequered
ertoofm: comforted
eerahbm: chambered
erruiph: chirruped
eiiodcn: coincided
weeobbb: cobwebbed
eruoalm: clamoured
eriaghn: chagrined
errtuop: corrupted
10
etooallc: collocated
etuoagjn: conjugated
eeaghlln: challenged
eruiofgn: configured
errtuoag: corrugated
eeuoslln: counselled
eertofln: centrefold
rryuahhc: churchyard
eruioosl: colourised
rioahlcv: clavichord
eertiosl: cloistered
eeropahn: chaperoned
erttoasn: contrasted
rtuoaasg: coastguard
eeertalb: celebrated
ettipaav: captivated
ertoofnn: confronted
eeropssm: compressed
erroopsn: correspond
eetoavnn: covenanted
eriohlcn: chronicled
eroasshb: chessboard
eiopahnm: championed
eooadlnn: colonnaded
eiopalnm: complained
eiiassfl: classified
ertoolln: controlled
etuialnm: culminated
eertishn: christened
ettuialv: cultivated
eruoopdc: coproduced
etuoolvn: convoluted
erttoacn: contracted
eeosdcnn: condescend
eipaagnm: campaigned
etioflcn: conflicted
ertiaalb: calibrated
eeahllnn: channelled
eerrtoal: correlated
euoopdnm: compounded
etuooflb: clubfooted
eerophnm: comprehend
etuoaagl: catalogued, coagulated
ertuialc: circulated
etuiossm: customised
ertiiisc: criticised
ertuooah: coauthored
etuaallc: calculated
rtoaabnn: contraband
euoodfnn: confounded
ettupaal: catapulted
eeriosdn: considered
ertoaabn: carbonated
eertoopa: cooperated
ettiaasg: castigated
eruubnmm: cummerbund
11
ertioasnn: constrained
euoaafglm: camouflaged
erttuiobn: contributed
eraasdhln: crashlanded
eruiisccm: circumcised
eriopaasn: caparisoned
eeertalln: crenellated
eertuifgn: centrifuged
eertoaggn: congregated
ettuipaal: capitulated
eertoascn: consecrated
eertiasln: centralised
ertiopscn: conscripted
errtuiaac: caricatured
erttioscn: constricted
eettaasll: castellated
eertuojcn: conjectured
eeriaaslm: caramelised
erttuoscn: constructed
eetopasnm: compensated
ertyiopgh: copyrighted
eoooddllb: coldblooded
eertoavnn: contravened
etioasfcn: confiscated
eioashknm: chainsmoked
eeeroashb: cheeseboard
eeeraadhl: clearheaded
eertoadhl: coldhearted
eeruuaffh: chauffeured
etiioodnn: conditioned
etiipaasl: capitalised
etttuiosn: constituted
ertioahln: chlorinated
etuoasnmm: consummated
eriaahbmm: chambermaid
eertioasg: categorised
ertiooadn: coordinated
etiopalcm: complicated
erioopsmm: compromised
ruioollbn: colourblind
ettiopasn: constipated
12
eerroopsdn: corresponded
ertyiassll: crystallised
erruiiaslc: circularised
errrtoooab: corroborated
ettioaannm: contaminated
eerttoacnn: concentrated
erriossssc: crisscrossed
errooofhlm: chloroformed
eertuicvnm: circumvented
eeeosddcnn: condescended
etiooasdln: consolidated
eeeropdhnm: comprehended
eetioplnmm: complimented
eerrttoovn: controverted
erttioadcn: contradicted
eiiaaslbnn: cannibalised
eettopalnm: contemplated
etuioacnmm: communicated
eerttiiafc: certificated
ertooaallb: collaborated
eiioossnmm: commissioned
eeiooplxnm: complexioned
eeertialvn: cantilevered
qeerruoahb: chequerboard
eerosshkcc: crosschecked
eettoaacnn: concatenated
eertuiopsm: computerised
eertooammm: commemorated
eriiiaslnm: criminalised
eeertisfhl: chesterfield
eetuoacnnn: countenanced
eerttuoacn: counteracted
eeetoplnmm: complemented
eertioasmm: commiserated
eeeroadnmm: commandeered
eertiasghl: clearsighted
13
eerrtiaashc: characterised
erruiisccbm: circumscribed
eerroopaghh: choreographed
eertuiosgnn: countersigned
eeerttuiofn: counterfeited
erttuoaagln: congratulated
eertooaglnm: conglomerated
eerioassxnm: crossexamined
eertuoadnnm: countermanded
14
eetuiopaslcn: conceptualised
eerttuioopnn: counterpointed
eeriioaslcmm: commercialised
errttiiooosc: corticosteroid
15
eertuoaalcbnn: counterbalanced
eeeerrrossfcn: crossreferenced
ertuiiaagcvnm: circumnavigated
eertttuoaakcn: counterattacked
17
eerttiopaaslnmm: compartmentalised

cz
6
tihn: chintz

cy
3
r: cry
o: coy
4
on: cony
ag: cagy
al: clay
ti: city
os: cosy
op: copy
5
abb: cabby
rok: corky
ron: corny, crony
rah: chary
ruv: curvy
ann: canny
weh: chewy
okc: cocky
eag: cagey
ofm: comfy
rul: curly
add: caddy
yol: coyly
rra: carry
adn: candy
rru: curry
raz: crazy
6
uhkn: chunky
errh: cherry
tuon: county
eovn: convey
uplm: clumpy
riph: chirpy
eehk: cheeky
rtus: crusty, curtsy
rips: crispy
uslm: clumsy
tosl: costly
ihll: chilly
rtul: curtly
oovn: convoy
ihvv: chivvy
eodm: comedy
rumm: crummy
eerh: cheery
iosl: cosily
allm: calmly
eerl: celery
eolm: comely
eerp: creepy
rubm: crumby
rabb: crabby
ooln: colony
woob: cowboy
rtaf: crafty
ergl: clergy
eram: creamy
rakn: cranky
eyal: clayey
uddl: cuddly
rann: cranny
etul: cutely
roal: calory
tiav: cavity
etsh: chesty
erak: creaky
oplm: comply
oosh: choosy
tiom: comity
assl: classy
ragg: craggy
raan: canary
ttah: chatty
opan: canopy
almm: clammy
iodf: codify
eesh: cheesy
ahcn: chancy
odll: coldly
uhbb: chubby
uodl: cloudy
ahkl: chalky
opph: choppy
tahc: catchy
7
wraaa: caraway
eokcn: cockney
paalb: capably
tuosd: custody
ertul: cruelty, cutlery
ruojn: conjury
ruifc: crucify
eoosh: choosey
rossl: crossly
rulbm: crumbly
rtahn: chantry
erook: cookery
ruool: coloury
ertus: curtsey
etuhn: chutney
eogcn: cogency
ripsl: crisply
rtuol: courtly
opanm: company
qeuil: cliquey
erudl: crudely
ialnn: cannily
raklc: crackly
erull: cruelly
rassl: crassly
roann: canonry
epahl: cheaply
ertun: century
rtuid: crudity
erall: clearly
eosll: closely
rtiah: charity
ruhcn: crunchy
rtial: clarity
erann: cannery
rrtoa: carroty
raalv: calvary, cavalry
rruos: cursory
iillv: civilly
rialz: crazily
errav: carvery
iaflc: calcify
rikln: crinkly
ertif: certify
ealln: cleanly
eihnm: chimney
ualnm: calumny
eropp: coppery
idhll: childly
ertta: cattery
roakn: conakry
eifhl: chiefly
tihzn: chintzy
rtuon: country
riohc: chicory
riafl: clarify
8
ertuos: courtesy
tipaac: capacity
raalln: carnally
iaddln: candidly
eialcb: celibacy
rrooan: coronary
eroasl: coarsely
erioll: colliery
rrtoan: contrary
etogln: cogently
uisllm: clumsily
tuaasl: casualty
tiaalm: calamity
weaalb: cableway
weuaas: causeway
eeronm: ceremony
eerihl: cheerily
weobbb: cobwebby
rtiafl: craftily
errucn: currency
weyalc: cycleway
uaasll: casually, causally
tuiipd: cupidity
eelcnm: clemency
raadhl: charlady
ertolv: covertly
wroadl: cowardly
ruialn: culinary
eridlb: credibly
eerllv: cleverly
rioohb: choirboy
ertoag: category
iassfl: classify
eeihkl: cheekily
tiiilv: civility
upallb: culpably
wtaaas: castaway
eeertm: cemetery
erahcn: chancery
oolnmm: commonly
ttiash: chastity
eerram: creamery
errokc: crockery
weraal: clearway
etashl: chastely
rruood: corduroy
uiosln: cousinly
ttiahl: chattily
ertoam: cometary
riahlv: chivalry
tyoogl: cytology
eralvn: cravenly
9
rtiaaln: carnality
toascnn: constancy
ertialn: certainly
oopahcn: cacophony
rttoasn: contrasty
rioopdh: chiropody
rtuiios: curiosity
ertuidl: credulity
eroodkl: crookedly
rrooall: corollary
tioodmm: commodity
eroadlm: comradely
tioacvn: concavity
ruuiosl: curiously
etpaasl: catalepsy
ttiipav: captivity
wroaass: cassowary
tipaall: capitally
errtolc: correctly
ooosglm: cosmology
etuolnm: contumely
ertiizn: citizenry
eriahcn: chicanery
uoaslll: callously
rtuiass: casuistry
tuiaasl: causality
eruafll: carefully
eopllxm: complexly
rrtuiic: circuitry
eioslcn: concisely
rrtuopl: corruptly
ioallcm: comically
rioadll: cordially
rtuiogn: congruity
ttuigln: cuttingly
uioopsl: copiously
tipaacn: captaincy
ioaglxn: coaxingly
tuoalbn: countably
iaaddcn: candidacy
ertishm: chemistry
uiglnnn: cunningly
rtuoasm: customary
toooslm: colostomy
uiallcb: cubically
etioxvn: convexity
eertann: centenary
topalcm: compactly
eerohcn: coherency
erttohc: crotchety
yioglln: cloyingly
ruiallc: crucially
errrabn: cranberry
yiallcn: cynically
tuionmm: community
errtpan: carpentry
eertilb: celebrity
rruiosl: cursorily
ripaall: capillary
errtuln: currently
erttian: certainty
ertalln: centrally
uoagjcn: conjugacy
10
ertiadlb: creditably
tuopalbm: computably
rtyoopgl: cryptology
ooasslll: colossally
uoallnmm: communally
rtiioadl: cordiality
ttoaslnn: constantly
yialllcc: cyclically
eiahllcm: chemically
eertolcn: concretely
eoopsdlm: composedly
roooghln: chronology
ttuiiogn: contiguity
iisdhhll: childishly
erialllc: clerically
erttioln: contritely
eeriolcv: coercively
ruisghln: crushingly
riaghlnm: charmingly
tiipaalb: capability
rtuualll: culturally
eetopllm: completely
eeroslvn: conversely
eertialv: creatively
erttiiav: creativity
riooadgl: cardiology
ertoanmm: commentary
eerufhll: cheerfully
euosdfln: confusedly
riasghln: crashingly
etioplxm: complexity
rtioofnm: conformity
rrtioaln: contrarily
ioasllcm: cosmically
iighllln: chillingly
etoallvn: covalently
riiallnm: criminally
rtuioaan: cautionary
eeioshlv: cohesively
eertohln: coherently
rtiaahlb: charitably
rtuoopal: copulatory
erttialn: centrality
tiopalbm: compatibly
ipaahlcn: chaplaincy
eruogcnn: congruency
rtiiallc: critically
tiioplcm: complicity
iialllcn: clinically
eerassll: carelessly
riopascn: conspiracy
ttuiionn: continuity
ruishhll: churlishly
eriaallv: cavalierly
ropaalbm: comparably
tuuioasl: cautiously
ruoopslm: compulsory
rruiallc: circularly
eetopcnm: competency
11
etiodflnn: confidently
eerahllcn: chancellery
tuioallnn: continually
eettoplnm: competently
ruuooflll: colourfully
rioahllcn: chronically
etiioglvn: cognitively
erruoccnn: concurrency
werriaaag: carriageway
errtoosvn: controversy
rrtopaagh: cartography
eeeasssll: ceaselessly
ruooasllm: clamorously
rtooaflbm: comfortably
tioaahllc: chaotically
ertiiidlb: credibility
rrtuiialc: circularity
ioosgllnn: consolingly
eopalccnm: complacency
rtiiaadln: cardinality
erroopall: corporeally
eeroadfcn: confederacy
oopaaglnm: campanology
errtioalm: calorimetry
tuiipallb: culpability
eettodlnn: contentedly
tuoaslcnn: consultancy
uioosslcn: consciously
errtoopal: corporately
tuioalnmm: communality
tuiaasllc: caustically
rtyipallc: cryptically
eriassgln: caressingly
etiosscnn: consistency
iaasslllc: classically
ioaallcnn: canonically
eioalcvbn: conceivably
ertuuoosl: courteously
ertiiaflb: certifiably
eetiaslll: celestially
tiooalnmm: commonality
rtuioaslm: customarily
etiogcnnn: contingency
uiosfglnn: confusingly
riiooglnm: criminology
rrtuioalc: circulatory
ripaaghll: calligraphy
eerrtoalb: celebratory
eoadlbnmm: commendably
riippglln: cripplingly
eerodlcnn: concernedly
iiodfglnn: confidingly
rtiiialnm: criminality
tiooagllm: climatology
12
ertoaallll: collaterally
etuopallcn: conceptually
uuiiopsdln: cupidinously
etuoaslnmm: consummately
rrttuioobn: contributory
eerioallnm: ceremonially
ertooadnnm: condemnatory
euooddflnn: confoundedly
ettuoallxn: contextually
ettiiocvnn: connectivity
rtiiooalcn: conciliatory
ttuiioalbn: countability
etuaadlllc: calculatedly
ruioopsllm: compulsorily
tuuiooslnn: continuously
ettiosslnn: consistently
iioglcvnnn: convincingly
etopallcnm: complacently
ioadglnnmm: commandingly
eeruoslbmm: cumbersomely
euiopsllvm: compulsively
ruiiopaslc: capriciously
ttuiiodcvn: conductivity
ettioglnnn: contingently
werrttiodh: creditworthy
tiiioalvvn: conviviality
rrtiooafnm: confirmatory
quiooallll: colloquially
eertopahhm: chemotherapy
erroopaghh: choreography
errtoopanm: contemporary
euiosllcvn: conclusively
euiosllvvn: convulsively
tiiaalllcm: climatically
errtooasvn: conservatory
erioallcmm: commercially
rtuoaaslbn: constabulary
eetiolvnnn: conveniently
eruuooasgl: courageously
erioasdlbn: considerably
etioasllcm: cosmetically
ertoopasnm: compensatory
euoassllnn: consensually
rtiooasfcn: confiscatory
etuuiallvm: cumulatively
eiopglllnm: compellingly
rrtuoosscn: crosscountry
ruioashllv: chivalrously
qettuioshl: coquettishly
errtuolcnn: concurrently
ettiiollcv: collectivity
rtioofglnm: comfortingly
rrtyoppagh: cryptography
ettuioscnn: constituency
qeetuoslnn: consequently
etiioaglnn: congeniality
eetiolllcv: collectively
tuuioosgln: contiguously
ettioplbnm: contemptibly
etioagllnn: congenitally
tuioaasllm: calamitously
13
eetuioslcvn: consecutively
ertuiafglln: centrifugally
etiiaaghlbn: changeability
ettuiooslnn: contentiously
ertiopaalvm: comparatively
eiagghlllnn: challengingly
eertopalnmm: complementary
eriooasscnn: concessionary
eooodddlllb: coldbloodedly
rrrrtooooab: corroboratory
iiopagllnnm: complainingly
tttuiioavmm: commutativity
rtiiopaalbm: comparability
ertioaagllc: categorically
eeruiooslnm: ceremoniously
eertioopalv: cooperatively
rrttiooadcn: contradictory
rttuoaallcn: contractually
ttiooalcnnm: concomitantly
tiiooadllnn: conditionally
rttioasglnn: contrastingly
erttiiiadlb: creditability
uuioopsslcn: conspicuously
ttiiiopalbm: compatibility
ttuiiopalbm: computability
ertiopalnmm: complimentary
tuiioasgnnn: consanguinity
ryiiadlllcn: cylindrically
eertioofcnn: confectionery
eetiasdllnn: clandestinely
eettiioplvm: competitively
tiiofgllcnn: conflictingly
eertioasdln: considerately
ioopaalbnnm: companionably
ertuipslccm: circumspectly
14
etttuiioslvn: constitutively
rrttuooaagln: congratulatory
ettuuoopslnm: contemptuously
ioooasglllcm: cosmologically
eertuoaslnmm: commensurately
erttuioslcvn: constructively
rrtoopaaghhm: chromatography
ettiioalllcb: collectability
eertioaslvvn: conservatively
eeriopshlbnm: comprehensibly
etiiioalcvbn: conceivability
rrtuuioolccm: circumlocutory
etiioadfllnn: confidentially
rtiioaassflc: classificatory
ertiopaaghnm: cinematography
etiioadllcnn: coincidentally
etiooallvnnn: conventionally
ttiiiooadlnn: conditionality
erttiiiolvbn: convertibility
15
errtiooasllvn: controversially
rrtyopaasghll: crystallography
ettiiooalvnnn: conventionality
eeeriopshlvnm: comprehensively
eerttioopannm: contemporaneity
rioooaghlllcn: chronologically
etuiioosslcnn: conscientiously
rrttiiooadlcn: contradictorily
ertiiiopsslbm: compressibility
rtiiaaashllcm: charismatically
rruioopaadlnm: cardiopulmonary
ertiooaalllvb: collaboratively
errioopsdglnn: correspondingly
ettiiioadflnn: confidentiality
etioopaasslnm: compassionately
qeetuioasllnn: consequentially
eerttiopalnmm: complementarity
eeiosddglcnnn: condescendingly
ttuioopaallnm: computationally
16
tttuiiooasllnn: constitutionally
rrtiioopaaslln: conspiratorially
rttuiiaasllcnm: circumstantially
rttiopaaashllc: catastrophically
ertiooaasllvnn: conversationally
17
eertuooopaslnnm: contemporaneously
eertiiiopshlbnm: comprehensibility
ttttuiiiooaslnn: constitutionality
rrtyioppaaghllc: cryptographically
18
errttiiaaashllcc: characteristically
20
eerrrttuuioooalvnn: counterrevolutionary

cx
3
o: cox
4
ru: crux
oa: coax
5
eod: codex
6
eriv: cervix
eovn: convex
erto: cortex
ialm: climax
7
oashb: cashbox
eoplm: complex
8
ruiifc: crucifix
10
eruiflcm: circumflex
erttoahb: chatterbox

cs
4
ab: cabs
ad: cads
am: cams
ob: cobs
eu: cues
es: cess
ru: curs
tu: cuts
to: cots
pa: caps
ra: cars
ta: cats
wo: cows
an: cans
oo: coos
on: cons
ol: cols
og: cogs
od: cods
up: cups
us: cuss
ud: cuds
op: cops
ub: cubs
5
aln: clans
all: calls
alm: calms, clams
rta: carts
ron: corns
rod: cords
ugh: chugs
rop: corps, crops
ros: cross
eul: clues
uop: coups
ell: cells
wra: craws
wro: crows
weh: chews
eub: cubes
wer: crews
uhm: chums
okc: cocks
oph: chops
eer: ceres
ups: cusps
odl: clods, colds
esh: chess
rul: curls
rub: curbs
rud: curds
tul: cults
uff: cuffs
ask: casks
asl: class
obm: combs
eti: cites
etn: cents
iph: chips
ipl: clips
rpa: carps
ihn: chins
wal: claws
tos: costs
yal: clays
tol: clots, colts
toa: coats
eak: cakes
ean: canes
ool: cools
oon: coons
eag: cages
eaf: cafes
ogl: clogs
oop: coops
eas: cases
eav: caves
eru: cures
ers: cress
raz: czars
era: cares
ull: culls
ulb: clubs
ero: cores
eri: cries
rag: crags
rad: cards
rab: crabs
tas: casts
ram: crams
rah: chars
ras: crass
tah: chats
rok: corks
rib: cribs
oam: comas
oal: coals, colas
oah: chaos
efh: chefs
tih: chits
pah: chaps
pal: claps
pam: camps
ion: coins
iol: coils
ook: cooks
tys: cysts
eod: codes
eon: cones
eom: comes
eop: copes
eov: coves
eox: coxes
epa: capes
6
uhkn: chunks
erom: comers
eron: crones
eroh: chores
erod: coders
uogh: coughs
uhkc: chucks
etom: comets
ihll: chills
erro: crores
erov: covers
ilbm: climbs
eahc: caches
eerd: creeds
eash: cashes, chases
eerh: cheers
uall: callus
eerk: creeks
upam: campus
eerp: creeps
etov: covets
ooln: colons
rtof: crofts
euas: causes
uplm: clumps
rakn: cranks
yadc: cycads
rtaf: crafts
rakc: cracks
tuul: cultus
rrui: cirrus
rokc: crocks
rtyp: crypts
ruoh: chorus
tuol: clouts
aavn: canvas
etii: cities
eihm: chimes
eafh: chafes
erta: carets, caters, crates
eehk: cheeks
rtus: crusts
tuib: cubits
rtuo: courts
palm: clamps
iahn: chains
eihv: chives
tuio: coitus
erts: crests
uabn: cubans
oakl: cloaks
eann: cannes
etas: castes
eoln: clones
etad: cadets
ophm: chomps
eolv: cloves
roak: croaks
etah: cheats
yicn: cynics
erui: curies
etfl: clefts
erus: curses
aaln: canals
euop: coupes
aalb: cabals
erux: cruxes
ashm: chasms
ruhn: churns
ruic: circus
iabn: cabins
eosl: closes
roal: carols, corals
tahn: chants
roab: cobras
eruv: curves
woln: clowns
oklc: clocks
wral: crawls
eovn: covens
eadg: cadges
erra: carers
erad: cedars
oann: canons
tuon: counts
erkl: clerks
ealv: calves
ehzc: czechs
wrod: crowds
eifh: chiefs
pasl: clasps
iphm: chimps
ealb: cables
iocn: conics
ealn: cleans
iocm: comics
ealm: camels
erim: crimes
igln: clings
eiiv: civies
rubm: crumbs
etsh: chests
iicv: civics
eris: crises
oamm: commas
eidh: chides
oosm: cosmos
rioh: choirs
ryup: cyprus
ehkc: checks
erav: carves, cavers, craves
rook: crooks
roon: croons
tuac: cactus
eylc: cycles
uuac: caucus
eoax: coaxes
rtui: citrus
wero: cowers
rodh: chords
ripa: capris
eran: cranes
eoan: canoes
eral: clears
riph: chirps
erak: creaks
rahm: charms
ialm: claims
erpa: capers
eilm: climes
eras: caress
pahm: champs
erid: ciders
eraz: crazes
eusn: census
eria: caries
ruop: corpus
eops: copses
rtaa: carats
ruoc: crocus
riag: cigars
riah: chairs
rtah: charts
tohl: cloths
eram: creams
eeas: ceases
rian: cairns
etuh: chutes
eiop: copies
wron: crowns
riis: crisis
toac: coacts
ihkc: chicks
rips: crisps
eohk: chokes
ihkn: chinks
topa: coapts
toas: coasts
ohkc: chocks
rpam: cramps
iklc: clicks
uodl: clouds
ahkl: chalks
uklc: clucks
iffl: cliffs
riog: corgis
7
roahl: chorals
rroal: corrals
uoolb: colobus
iognm: comings
ruool: colours
etaav: caveats
erilc: circles, clerics
eiosn: cosines
weobb: cobwebs
eoahc: coaches
riaav: caviars
etoss: cossets
etyoo: coyotes
eroan: corneas
eridn: cinders
etosl: closets
yalbm: cymbals
uoscn: concuss
etygn: cygnets
oonmm: commons
eioll: collies
euisl: celsius
eropp: coppers
erops: corpses
iolln: collins
eealv: cleaves
etahl: chalets
erall: callers, cellars
eerra: careers
eianm: cinemas
eiann: canines
uaasl: casuals
euasl: clauses
ertos: corsets
rruos: cursors
eruis: cruises
eoplm: compels
errul: curlers
eiodc: codices
eihlc: cliches
eoklc: cockles
eudgl: cudgels
ruoag: cougars
uolnm: columns
erttu: cutters
iilcn: clinics
ertpa: carpets
errta: craters
ryign: cryings
eradl: cradles
erign: cringes
wyoob: cowboys
werul: curlews
erron: corners
tuosm: customs
eishl: chisels
weruf: curfews
epaan: canapes
ruuio: curious
rtaav: cravats
erash: chasers, crashes
erokn: conkers
eeral: cereals
eracn: cancers
qeuil: cliques
erudl: curdles
ertua: curates
toann: cantons
epahl: chapels
ryoan: crayons
etasl: castles
eassl: classes
ruuop: cuprous
etask: caskets
eyosn: coyness
yoann: canyons
rrtoa: carrots
iagnn: canings
ruias: cuirass
eosfn: confess
erton: cornets
errav: carvers
etohl: clothes
iassh: chassis
tooah: cahoots
etiln: clients
tuisb: cubists
uioop: copious
ttuag: catguts
eerta: creates
erria: carries
tioan: cations
eadln: candles
eertn: centres
uopal: cupolas
ttoon: cottons
ooocn: cocoons
taafn: caftans
uoghh: choughs
uiosn: cousins
uoopn: coupons
qeeuh: cheques
eolbb: cobbles
eoosh: chooses
eetnm: cements
eraam: cameras
iasgn: casings
rtopa: captors
eeroc: coerces
eerol: creoles
ttuuo: cutouts
eeesh: cheeses
eeroh: coheres
roodn: condors, cordons
yoovn: convoys
ruocn: concurs
eiohc: choices
roall: collars
eashl: clashes
rtoan: cartons, contras
euohc: couches
uuulm: cumulus
euopl: couples
eyovn: conveys
ioffn: coffins
rtoas: castors, costars
oannn: cannons
rtoav: cavorts
ertov: coverts
uosln: consuls
eross: crosses
eaklc: cackles
rtion: citrons
yoplc: cyclops
eriph: ciphers
erahl: charles
erosl: closers
erion: coiners, cronies
erosn: censors
opasm: compass
eeoff: coffees
iaanm: caimans
eriop: copiers
tuoop: copouts
eruhb: cherubs
eruos: courses
aasvn: canvass
yaanm: caymans
uoall: callous
ioahm: chamois
euddl: cuddles
roabn: carbons
eroop: coopers
eragh: charges
uookc: cuckoos
rtooh: cohorts
oagcn: cognacs
toabm: combats
ealcn: cancels
erook: cookers
erool: coolers
erofn: confers
eryph: cyphers
eahcn: chances
eaghn: changes
eroff: coffers
errui: curries
tiiol: colitis
ettul: cutlets
erush: crushes
erpam: campers
etahc: catches
eiadd: caddies
eravn: caverns
eryps: cypress
eeras: creases
raasc: carcass
eiadn: candies
iaadc: cicadas
tuasl: cutlass
tiomm: commits
ertid: credits
eerhc: creches
eiook: cookies
rtiic: critics
ertin: cretins
rooan: coronas
ertih: cithers
ertas: casters
ertal: cartels, clarets
ertan: canters, cretans
wroad: cowards
8
etuilc: cuticles
eaadln: candelas
rtiiol: clitoris
toasff: castoffs
erruis: cruisers
eihlcn: clinches
erilbm: climbers
eyolcn: cyclones
eeadcn: cadences
etonmm: comments
etossl: costless
etiizn: citizens
uioshn: cushions
rtuiic: circuits
uuolbm: columbus
uoolbm: coulombs
errush: crushers
roofnm: conforms
eroosh: choosers
errria: carriers
etuhlc: clutches
ettonn: contents
tpaasn: capstans
eiooln: colonies
tiossn: consists
eoodmm: commodes
easshl: cashless
tuiasc: caustics
rrtuoa: curators
erioal: calories
eetann: canteens
eruhcn: crunches
ruoalm: clamours
rrtopa: carports
etovnn: convents
ryipan: cyprians
etopcn: concepts
eriacm: ceramics
rrtuop: corrupts
ertahc: catchers
eriahm: chimeras
iaabnn: cannabis
errios: crosiers
errtun: currents
ertyus: curtseys
eeussn: censuses
eriash: cashiers
euoagl: cagoules
eraasc: carcases
rtuasd: custards
erosgn: congress
ertaab: cabarets
rtooln: controls
eepahn: cheapens
eiodll: collides
tuiopa: captious
eripal: calipers
eripac: caprices
erigln: clingers
ettosn: contests
erropp: croppers
eoolln: colonels
etisll: cellists
eiihll: chillies
eeraln: cleaners
eetopm: competes
tiocvn: convicts
errood: corrodes
roodcn: concords
eehlcn: clenches
etodnn: contends
tyopac: copycats
eeralv: cleavers
eeogll: colleges
eiossn: cosiness
ettoxn: contexts
etuopm: computes
ettoag: cottages
ertohl: chortles
eroadm: comrades
rttoon: contorts
etuopl: couplets
ertoas: coasters
erohvn: chevrons
ertupa: captures
etiosx: coexists
etialm: clematis, climates
eishln: chinless
eriofn: conifers
tuuioa: cautious
etiadl: citadels
tioann: contains
tiopkc: cockpits
errtof: crofters
eropsm: compress
ttoacn: contacts
eioagn: coinages
ertilc: circlets
etoonn: connotes
riagvn: carvings, cravings
eroasn: coarsens
eoopsm: composes
eraadh: charades
eodnmm: commends
errahm: charmers
rtuoon: contours, croutons
eetahh: cheetahs
eralbm: clambers
eiodfn: confides
eraadv: cadavers
ertuon: counters
eeodcn: concedes
eericv: crevices
rtoofm: comforts
eiofnn: confines
eioplm: compiles, complies
etuoov: covetous
eraalm: caramels
iasslc: classics
eropph: choppers
eeerrp: creepers
qeruon: conquers
erttul: clutters
eipasz: capsizes
eropam: compares
eertam: cremates
eruosl: closures
tyislc: cyclists
eruosh: choruses
taallc: catcalls
eiahlc: chalices
wrroab: crowbars
ttuign: cuttings
erruio: couriers
eraghn: changers
erppal: clappers
eerass: caresses
erihll: chillers
eerrta: caterers
errakc: crackers
eyokcn: cockneys
euuasc: caucuses
eoodln: condoles
etollc: collects
eriabn: carbines
euphkc: checkups
weosdh: cowsheds
tuodcn: conducts
iosgnn: consigns
eeasln: cleanses
raaavn: caravans
ertupm: crumpets
eetinm: centimes
eerasl: careless
eruisc: circuses
errtoa: creators
ertuis: citruses, curtsies
etiabn: cabinets
erocnn: concerns
tipaal: capitals
tuosbm: combusts
tipaan: captains
eioppc: coppices
eupasl: capsules
eupasm: campuses
uuoosc: couscous
eiobnm: combines
erioll: colliers
etiiav: cavities
erolbb: cobblers
etuasc: cactuses
eiiodf: codifies
ioodll: colloids
euilcb: cubicles
tuosln: consults
eialxm: climaxes
erahbm: chambers
wtaakl: catwalks
eiigln: ceilings
toopsm: composts
tuoocn: coconuts
riofnm: confirms
rtuipl: culprits
tooaln: coolants
ettahl: chattels
eruosc: crocuses
erttal: clatters
erulbm: crumbles
eroahl: chorales
eiopan: canopies
ertuan: centaurs
euopsl: closeups
ertoon: coronets
euosln: counsels
eerigl: clergies
errtah: charters
rrtuan: currants
etishm: chemists
rtyiop: cypriots
tiosgn: costings
ertohc: crochets
ertovn: converts
eeiodm: comedies
tooccn: concocts
rioadl: cordials
etiocn: conceits
etipav: captives
werral: crawlers
ertuhc: crutches
eetusn: cuteness
ertikc: crickets
etocvn: convects
ertusn: curtness
rtooan: cartoons
eraagn: carnages
eruhhc: churches
raaalc: caracals
tuiodn: conduits
wriogl: cowgirls
tiopan: captions
eihkcn: chickens
ooxcbm: coxcombs
eaasvn: canvases
eruopv: coverups
eaagbb: cabbages
eaadzn: cadenzas
eeovnn: convenes
eruojn: conjures
etuion: counties
eertah: cheaters
iosgln: closings
eraklc: crackles
tuakcb: cutbacks
erupal: clearups
etuosm: costumes
etuosn: countess
etocnn: connects
eerusn: censures
topacm: compacts
etoagn: cognates
tyiops: copyists
erttah: chatters
euhklc: chuckles
errash: crashers
rtuial: curtails
eodnnm: condemns
uiolcn: councils
eoodnn: condones
uuallc: calculus
rtioah: chariots
tiasgn: castings
erttia: citrates
erippl: clippers, cripples
uoossl: colossus
ertuul: cultures
ertisn: cisterns
euonmm: communes
euosfn: confuses
etuomm: commutes
qeeruh: chequers
eiidhl: ceilidhs
euosnm: consumes
tioagn: coatings
ttaaan: cantatas
etosnn: consents
eriaan: canaries
eosdln: coldness
easlnm: calmness
errtoc: corrects
eriocn: cornices
rtyasl: crystals
iiodlc: codicils
eragln: clangers
eoalcn: conceals
errioz: croziers
eeusll: clueless
eruplm: crumples
eoagln: congeals
erragh: chargers
eoagll: collages
eruasd: crusades
eerrih: cherries
ertpah: chapters
iaglln: callings
eyihnm: chimneys
eriann: crannies
tuioan: cautions
eahlnn: channels
ertooh: cheroots
rtuian: curtains
etoall: collates
oasskc: cassocks, cossacks
ertusl: clusters
ertocn: concerts
rtoosn: consorts
ropanm: crampons
eerhkc: checkers
wiopsl: cowslips
eruopl: couplers
roadln: caldrons
ttyiis: cystitis
etoadh: cathodes
eaasdc: cascades
erosdl: cordless
erroon: coroners, crooners
eruohc: crouches
eoosln: consoles, coolness
oadnmm: commands
9
rruoojn: conjurors
eaassvn: canvasses
rttaaac: cataracts
ertialn: clarinets
eetoplm: completes
eruisln: curliness
riialnm: criminals
eruoacn: cancerous
ertioan: creations
tiaghnn: chantings
eepashn: cheapness
ryiashl: chrysalis
eerassv: crevasses
erruhcn: crunchers
rtyiaad: caryatids
etoavnn: covenants
eertiif: certifies
erioplm: compilers
eroallv: coveralls
wtyaaas: castaways
eeocnmm: commences
eraassc: carcasses
ruopadb: cupboards
uiopgln: couplings
weyuaas: causeways
eriaalv: cavaliers
ertuion: countries, cretinous
eruilcb: crucibles
eopasll: collapses
rroassb: crossbars
etiassh: chastises
eeossln: closeness
ertuiid: crudities
erashlm: charmless
werrook: coworkers
weyyalc: cycleways
wiaashn: chainsaws
tiaalnm: claimants
errtuio: courtiers
eruosnm: consumers
rtoofnn: confronts
ertuosm: customers
eeoaslc: coalesces
ertuosn: construes
eiahlcm: chemicals
qertuii: critiques
erruojn: conjurers
eertocn: concretes
eerttov: corvettes
eertuil: cruelties
eertuin: centuries
eiopanm: companies
eriaszn: craziness
eroopsm: composers
eerasln: clearness
ertiohl: clothiers
etuassl: cutlasses
ipaahln: chaplains
eeosdnn: condenses
eriagln: clearings
qetuosn: conquests
rryuood: corduroys
ttyaasl: catalysts
easssll: classless
euialnm: calumnies
eeroagv: coverages
eraadln: calendars
eeiocvn: conceives
riaadgn: cardigans
tioflcn: conflicts
riaashm: charismas
wryoass: crossways
ttoasnn: constants
eioshkc: cockshies
erttisn: centrists
eruuilc: curlicues
eeossfn: confesses
eripssn: crispness
errtiod: creditors
eertscn: crescents
eiocvnn: convinces
iopahnm: champions
ertuomm: commuters
eertolv: coverlets
uiopaac: capacious
eruoavn: cavernous
eerttah: catheters
ipaagnm: campaigns
rruialc: circulars
ertiovn: contrives
ertiasn: canisters
eoaasdl: caseloads
rttiash: chartists
uoopdnm: compounds
ruooalm: clamorous
etioasn: canoeists
eerogvn: converges
tioaklc: cocktails
eroovnn: convenors
eioskcn: cockiness
erasssn: crassness
eoalcvn: conclaves
riaadln: cardinals
iopalnm: complains
ryioohb: choirboys
ertiahn: chantries
etyaasl: catalyses
rttoasn: contrasts
eeoplxm: complexes
ertiosl: cloisters
uoodfnn: confounds
weroodd: codewords
rtuooah: coauthors
ertiiah: charities
riaalvn: carnivals
eriosdn: considers
ttiioan: citations
euodlcn: concludes
riaglll: callgirls
eerishh: cherishes
eeeassl: ceaseless
eetasnm: casements
eryidln: cylinders
eerosvn: conserves, converses
ttupaal: catapults
erioocn: coercions
eeroklc: cockerels
eripall: callipers
eruuodl: credulous
euoslvn: convulses
eettass: cassettes
eriiafl: clarifies
eerrtua: creatures
iaalbnn: cannibals
etuosln: countless
etoafln: conflates
eopassm: compasses
toaacbm: catacombs
ruoadln: cauldrons
eisdhll: childless
etialcn: canticles
etuohkc: checkouts
etuionn: continues
rtopakc: crackpots
eerypss: cypresses
erriaag: carriages
ertuuoo: courteous
toooakc: cockatoos
riossgn: crossings
ertiodn: centroids
iiialvn: civilians
eoopssl: cesspools
etioscm: cosmetics
rrriood: corridors
rtiaash: catharsis
eeaslnn: cleanness
rroopal: corporals
ettaasn: castanets
euosdll: cloudless
iippgln: clippings
iooalln: colonials
eruucbm: cucumbers
eriopsm: comprises
etipasm: campsites
eriopsn: conspires
tyiaasl: catalysis
eripafm: campfires
eroonmm: commoners
rriiosh: cirrhosis
eryoovn: conveyors
eerusln: cruelness
ooookkb: cookbooks
qeettuo: coquettes
eriogvn: coverings
erosssn: crossness
erruasd: crusaders
uiooscn: conscious
euossnn: consensus
eiiodcn: coincides
eerusdn: crudeness
eeaaglv: cleavages
rtoaadl: cartloads
iippghn: chippings
ettushn: chestnuts
eioadnm: comedians
ertuopm: computers
eryoalm: claymores
eeershl: cheerless
tioosln: colonists
wroossb: crossbows
rttoacn: contracts
10
wrtoadhc: catchwords
eeetipdn: centipedes
etiossln: costliness
eeaghlln: challenges
etiiiilv: civilities
tooasnnn: consonants
eerossgn: congresses
etiiaalm: calamities
rtioasnn: constrains
eertiaaf: cafeterias
errtoash: carthorses
ertioann: containers
ertioanm: cremations
etioassn: cessations
erriooan: coronaries
rtioassn: croissants
rtaaaanm: catamarans
werroskc: corkscrews
eerttiag: cigarettes
errrtooc: correctors
uiooodmm: commodious
tiiooaln: coalitions
tuuioogn: contiguous
eroadffm: cofferdams
rttioscn: constricts
eruoosll: colourless
erualcbn: carbuncles
etoopnnm: components
tuioasdn: custodians
eioadfll: coalfields
eerrtikc: cricketers
ertiiisc: criticises
etiashcm: catechisms
etiiafhn: chieftains
ertuoasc: coruscates
ruiiopac: capricious
etuaallc: calculates
iiialcnn: clinicians
errtiosh: choristers
errtoofm: comforters
etishklc: checklists
etiipaac: capacities
etuiaasl: casualties
eoosnnmm: commonness
eetioahb: cohabitees
uioosfnn: confusions
roooaklm: cloakrooms
eiishlln: chilliness
ettiaasg: castigates
rioassmm: commissars
etuoagjn: conjugates
etioasln: coastlines
etuoasln: consulates
eertuoac: cretaceous
ertoshlc: crotchless
toaasdln: coastlands
tuioslnm: columnists
ertuionn: centurions
eeeohkbn: cheekbones
etaasslm: classmates
ertuoasn: courtesans
etioopsm: composites
eroossbn: crossbones
rtuuiioc: circuitous
eeasghln: changeless
tuiooagn: contagious
eeioslnm: comeliness
eeropssm: compresses
ruioogln: colourings
rioaacnm: carcinomas
eruioofn: coniferous
ruuodnnm: conundrums
eruiofgn: configures
rtaaahln: charlatans
eeerslvn: cleverness
rtuoodcn: conductors
eertalbn: celebrants
eiiassfl: classifies
uioonnmm: communions
eeuoagll: colleagues
tuioosnn: contusions
eraassvn: canvassers
erroadcm: camcorders
tiooonmm: commotions
eertuios: courtesies
tuuioonn: continuous
wroadkcn: crackdowns
ertoocnn: connectors
eryiogcn: cryogenics
ertiaalb: calibrates
eerrtoal: correlates
tuiosnmm: communists
eroadnmm: commanders
iiooslln: collisions
eruuoacv: curvaceous
eertoopa: cooperates
eettiomm: committees
eeerionm: ceremonies
etiodnnm: condiments
rtuooaln: colourants
weertahl: cartwheels
eeraalcn: clearances
ertoaabn: carbonates
eruiifxc: crucifixes
wrroossd: crosswords
errtuuav: curvatures
eerrtpan: carpenters
errtoopa: corporates
etooahlc: chocolates
ttoaabnm: combatants
errtuuio: couturiers
erioosln: colonisers
eerttuid: certitudes
errtiadg: cartridges
rtiopaac: capacitors
eiooxnnn: connexions
eeropahn: chaperones
wertuaal: caterwauls
eeertalb: celebrates
euiocbnn: concubines
eertioag: categories
rrtooanm: cormorants
eeriioll: collieries
ioopannm: companions
eeusssdn: cussedness
eruioosn: censorious
eruopslc: corpuscles
rooasslm: classrooms
wriossdn: crosswinds
iiahllbn: chilblains
eerosdnn: condensers
epaaghnm: champagnes
etoaslbn: constables
eetuossn: countesses
erioodlc: crocodiles
eruuaffh: chauffeurs
tiioodnn: conditions
ettiashc: catechists
rrooassd: crossroads
ooaadhlc: coachloads
eerruicn: currencies
euishbbn: chubbiness
eeroassn: coarseness
eeroassl: casseroles
eerrtaak: caretakers
rtuiopsh: courtships
rtiiiscm: criticisms
erioalnm: coalminers
eerttuog: courgettes
ettionnn: continents
ruioahlv: chivalrous
eruooscn: concourses
tiopalnm: complaints
rrtyuoad: courtyards
rtioaann: carnations
tioadfnn: confidants
eroaslll: collarless
iooddhhl: childhoods
errtaahc: characters
ertoollc: collectors
eeoahlnm: chameleons
eruoaadv: cadaverous
eruoaalc: calcareous
euaassln: casualness
eriohlcn: chronicles
uuiaahhh: chihuahuas
etuialnm: culminates
tuioaalm: calamitous
eertodnn: contenders
eooadlnn: colonnades
rtyiopgh: copyrights
errioavn: carnivores
erooodmm: commodores
errtoovn: convertors
eeeriasf: ceasefires
qerruoon: conquerors
weoaslln: callowness
rtyoolcn: cyclotrons
rttuoscn: constructs
etiaaddn: candidates
eroossfn: confessors
ettuialv: cultivates
euisddln: cuddliness
eroafkln: cornflakes
rtiopscn: conscripts
rrtuooom: courtrooms
euiosdln: cloudiness
eerrtias: careerists
eruuooag: courageous
erroossv: crossovers
etuoaagl: catalogues
ertuialc: circulates
tiopshkc: chopsticks
ertaadhl: cathedrals
euisslnm: clumsiness
eerrtovn: converters
tuooasnm: cosmonauts
riopadlb: clipboards
eeeertim: cemeteries
eriodfln: cornfields
11
eetiocvnn: connectives
erttuoacn: counteracts
etioadfnn: confidantes
euoaafglm: camouflages
erttuiobn: contributes
rioopasnm: comparisons
erroaddhl: cardholders
ertuoaagl: cataloguers
eerrtoscn: correctness
eeosddcnn: condescends
eerrtioah: charioteers
uiooslcnn: conclusions
erttioopm: competitors
eertodfln: centrefolds
eertyicbn: cybernetics
eeroosdkn: crookedness
oaallbnnn: cannonballs
rtuoaallc: calculators
eriipaall: capillaries
ertuioonm: coterminous
uuioopscn: conspicuous
etioasfcn: confiscates
qeuuionmm: communiques
eeruogcnn: congruences
qeeuoohkb: chequebooks
eetopasnm: compensates
eioossfnn: confessions
uiooslvnn: convulsions
eruuodgnm: curmudgeons
eeipahznm: chimpanzees
etttuiosn: constitutes
erriooall: corollaries
eioosscnn: concessions
rryuadhhc: churchyards
etiophkcn: checkpoints
eetoplnmm: complements
etioollcn: collections
rrttooacn: contractors
ettioonnn: contentions
eeertiilb: celebrities
eetiollcv: collectives
ettiognnn: contingents
eiooosglm: cosmologies
uioopslnm: compulsions
ettuioonn: contentious
eiaffhhcn: chaffinches
ttiiooagn: cogitations
eooppadhl: cephalopods
iioossnmm: commissions
errtuiaac: caricatures
etioplnmm: compliments
eeiosccnn: consciences
etioocnnn: connections
eetopsghl: clothespegs
eertoavnn: contravenes, covenanters
uuiiglnnn: cunnilingus
eriiassfl: classifiers
rrtuioopn: corruptions
eroahllcn: chancellors
eruooslln: counsellors
eroooshmm: chromosomes
euoaslbnm: consumables
rtioosfnm: conformists
eeroaghvn: changeovers
eeiosscnn: conciseness
ertioakcc: cockatrices
etiioodmm: commodities
erruoghhc: churchgoers
ertuosdcn: conductress
eerttopnm: contretemps
eiooplxnm: complexions
etioovnnn: conventions
eerioalnm: ceremonials
euiopdnmm: compendiums
erioopsmm: compromises
eeiodfcnn: confidences
eeiasllnn: cleanliness
ertioocnn: concretions
werroofln: cornflowers
ttiipaasl: capitalists
ertuaascn: crustaceans
tioopacnm: compactions
eertuifgn: centrifuges
errtoolln: controllers
erroopssm: compressors
eeruioonm: ceremonious
euoasslln: callousness
erroopsdn: corresponds
rttiooasn: cartoonists
rruiooavn: carnivorous
erioaacvn: covariances
eertuojcn: conjectures
etiopalbm: compatibles
eerttiian: certainties
eertioasg: categorises
etopascnm: compactness
etttoasnn: contestants
etiooplnm: completions
rtuoaasdg: coastguards
eertiadln: credentials
eeoodlcnn: condolences
wrtooafln: contraflows
ruioollcn: councillors
rrtioaalb: calibrators
etiipaasl: capitalises
eeetopcnm: competences
rtuuosdlb: cloudbursts
rttuioalv: cultivators
etioopcnn: conceptions
ertiooadn: coordinates
etuiionmm: communities
ettionmmm: commitments
rttiooonn: contortions
eeruasfln: carefulness
eripaagnm: campaigners
erioosvnn: conversions
erosshkcc: crosschecks
rtioooann: coronations
eeerttinm: centimetres
erioagcnn: carcinogens
tiioocvnn: convictions
ttuoaslnn: consultants
rttioasnn: constraints
ettuipaal: capitulates
eertiasln: centralises
tiiassslc: classicists
rttioadcn: contradicts
eetioslbm: comestibles
erioalcmm: commercials
eeraghlln: challengers
eerrriabn: cranberries
rrtoopaam: comparators
tioooccnn: concoctions
ertuicvnm: circumvents
eeropdhnm: comprehends
errtioocn: corrections
uooopahcn: cacophonous
erriohlcn: chroniclers
etioooslm: colostomies
eeriadhln: chandeliers
euopasdlc: cloudscapes
ertuiiios: curiosities
tuiiashvn: chauvinists
ertopahbm: chamberpots
eroassdhb: chessboards
rtiooopsm: compositors
eetpaashk: cheapskates
rttioopam: compatriots
eeerofcnn: conferences
etiopalcm: complicates
erooahkcc: cockroaches
etioofcnn: confections
tuioopaln: copulations
12
eertioopav: cooperatives
errtiooaln: correlations
eertiolvbn: convertibles
ettuiiionn: continuities
tuiooolvnn: convolutions
errrtoooab: corroborates
erttuialnm: curtailments
erriossssc: crisscrosses
eeetiopcnm: competencies
eruioossnn: connoisseurs
etuioacnmm: communicates
tiiooopsnm: compositions
eeerogcvnn: convergences
rtiioaalbn: calibrations
eerrtoosnn: cornerstones
eeruiflxcm: circumflexes
tuiooagjnn: conjugations
tiooossglm: cosmologists
eerrtiasln: centralisers
erooadccnn: concordances
rtyioaalvn: clairvoyants
ertuiosgnn: countersigns
ettioalnnn: continentals
eruooaacbn: carbonaceous
rrtioooadn: coordinators
etiiipaalb: capabilities
ertuiaaddn: candidatures
eetooslbbn: cobblestones
eeertiasvn: creativeness
tiioopalnm: compilations
eruisshhln: churlishness
ertiopaavm: comparatives
ruiiiofxcn: crucifixions
tioooacvnn: convocations
etoadnnmmm: commandments
ertiioodnn: conditioners
eoopalcnmm: commonplaces
eerttuiofn: counterfeits
tiopaalnnm: complainants
etttuiosnn: constituents
eriaadhbmm: chambermaids
eiissdhhln: childishness
eeeertipcn: centrepieces
eettopalnm: contemplates
ruoooppagh: coprophagous
etuioslbbm: combustibles
ertooaallb: collaborates
errtooasvn: conservators
errooopssc: coprocessors
eriaahlbnm: chamberlains
eeeiocvnnn: conveniences
eettoaacnn: concatenates
rtuiooabnn: conurbations
tioooallcn: collocations
erioopssnm: compressions
eertooammm: commemorates
tuioopsnnm: consumptions
eerrtoogcn: concertgoers
eeeiosshvn: cohesiveness
eeetopslnm: completeness
ttioaannnm: contaminants
ttuioopanm: computations
weruioafll: cauliflowers
eeeerradhl: cheerleaders
rrttuioobn: contributors
eriiopascn: conspiracies
etuuioassn: cautiousness
rrttiooscn: constrictors
ettioaannm: contaminates
rttioopann: contraptions
etiooasdln: consolidates
eetiioffcn: coefficients
eeertoscnn: concreteness
eerttiiafc: certificates
eriiddhlnm: childminders
rrtuiooagn: corrugations
tuioaallcn: calculations
rtiiaashcm: charismatics
eetiofnnnm: confinements
erriopashn: chairpersons
eeerasssln: carelessness
ettuuoopnm: contemptuous
eetuoossvn: covetousness
ettiioopnm: competitions
ertuoaaknn: cantankerous
erioooghln: chronologies
qeeeuoscnn: consequences
eertioanmm: commentaries
ertioacvnn: contrivances
eetiioplxm: complexities
rrtiooopan: corporations
erttiioasn: creationists
eeiiodccnn: coincidences
ttuiioalvn: cultivations
tuioacnnmm: communicants
ertpaashhc: catchphrases
ertyiassll: crystallises
errrttuoab: carburettors
errtioasnn: contrariness
erttopanmm: compartments
erttooanmm: commentators
eeerusfhln: cheerfulness
eerttoacnn: concentrates
rttiooacnn: contractions
eerrtioalm: calorimeters
tiiooadlnn: conditionals
tioooaslnn: consolations
tiiooabnnm: combinations
errtipaall: caterpillars
werryiaaag: carriageways
rrtuiopash: curatorships
etiosgnnnm: consignments
eertioalbn: celebrations
etiasdklcn: candlesticks
erttopaash: catastrophes
ertiisghnn: christenings
ertuioofln: counterfoils
eetoalllcb: collectables
eertiaannn: centenarians
rtuiioalcn: circulations
rrttuooscn: constructors
tiiooaslln: colonialists
eetuoacnnn: countenances
rrtioopasn: conspirators
errttuopan: counterparts
tuioojcnnn: conjunctions
ertuuojcnn: conjunctures
ttioooannn: connotations
eeertoadfn: confederates
13
riipaashhnm: chairmanships
ertiooasvnn: conservations, conversations
eiooassflnn: confessionals
ertioossscn: crosssections
etuiiooscnn: conscientious
eetiiogcnnn: contingencies
tiiiooadfcn: codifications
errrtopaagh: cartographers
etioaallcnn: cancellations
eerttioshcn: crotchetiness
rttiiooscnn: constrictions
eerioassxnm: crossexamines
tiiooasfcnn: confiscations
rrtoooaallb: collaborators
iioppashhnm: championships
ttuiooaslnn: consultations
eeisssdhlln: childlessness
werruadhhcn: churchwardens
erruiooafbn: carboniferous
etioopasnnm: compensations
etiooadnnmm: commendations
rtuiooacnmm: communicators
tiooopaslnm: cosmopolitans
rtyyipaasln: cryptanalysis
eeeerssshln: cheerlessness
tiioooaslnn: colonisations
erttuoaagln: congratulates
errttooacnn: concentrators
eertioasvvn: conservatives
euioossscnn: consciousness
tttuiioosnn: constitutions
eerrtiaashc: characterises
ertuiasccnm: circumstances
errioaadnmm: comradeinarms
erttuioopnn: counterpoints
errtyoaadhb: carbohydrates
eetioasvbnm: combativeness
eeetosdcnnn: connectedness
etiooadnnnm: condemnations
eeeerrusghb: cheeseburgers
rtiiooafnnm: confirmations
etiooasdnnn: condensations
etiiashllcn: callisthenics
eerrtioosvn: controversies
etuioaslcnn: consultancies
eertioallnn: crenellations
tiioopalcnm: complications
ttuiiooannn: continuations
eertioofcnn: confectioners
tiiiioaslvn: civilisations
rttuiooscnn: constructions
eerrtaashlc: characterless
eeassssslln: classlessness
rrrtioopahc: chiropractors
eertooaglnm: conglomerates
eeeerttoaln: coelenterates
rttuiioobnn: contributions
ertiooaggnn: congregations
eetiiosscnn: consistencies
eriioossnmm: commissioners
etiiooalnmm: commonalities
14
ttuiiooassnm: customisations
erttiooavnnn: contraventions
eeerruifccnm: circumferences
tiioooasdlnn: consolidations
eeerrttuiofn: counterfeiters
ttuiiiojcvnn: conjunctivitis
eeruioosssnn: censoriousness
ettiooasllnn: constellations
eetiooslcnnn: connectionless
ertuiiocvnnm: circumventions
eettuiioscnn: constituencies
tuiiooacnnmm: communications
eertiooadfnn: confederations
eerttiopacvn: contraceptives
rtioooaallbn: collaborations
quiiooaslllm: colloquialisms
rtiiioaaflcn: clarifications
ertuioaaslbn: constabularies
rtiiioosglnm: criminologists
eruiiopasscn: capriciousness
eerrtoopsdnn: correspondents
ettioopalnnm: contemplations
ertiiooasdnn: considerations
eerrtiooasvn: conservatories
ttiiooasgllm: climatologists
eetyiosshhnm: chemosynthesis
ettiooaacnnn: concatenations
ertioooanmmm: commemorations
eeeriopshvnm: comprehensives
ertttuoaakcn: counterattacks
rttiiooadcnn: contradictions
errrtyoppagh: cryptographers
rtuiiooafgnn: configurations
ettuiiiodcvn: conductivities
euuiooasgnnn: consanguineous
eerrtioopanm: contemporaries
ertiiooasnmm: commiserations
eerrroopaghh: choreographers
eeriioasgcnn: carcinogenesis
erttiooacnnn: concentrations
rttioooafnnn: confrontations
qertuiooasdn: conquistadores
ertyuashhnmm: chrysanthemums
rtiooaafglnn: conflagrations
15
rtuuiioolccnm: circumlocutions
ertuiiaagcvnm: circumnavigates
eertuooopannm: contemporaneous
erttiiooaasgn: categorisations
eeerroopsdcnn: correspondences
erruiooassvnn: carnivorousness
eeuioosssscnn: consciousnesses
tiiioaassflcn: classifications
rttuiooaaglnn: congratulations
errttiiooosdc: corticosteroids
eeerrtuuoasnm: countermeasures
ettiiiiopalbm: compatibilities
eeeerrrossfcn: crossreferences
euuioopssscnn: conspicuousness
eeettiiopsvnm: competitiveness
errttiiaashcc: characteristics
16
erttiiooassvnn: conservationists
eeertioassvvnn: conservativeness
weerrttiiosdhn: creditworthiness
17
eeeeriopsshvnnm: comprehensiveness
errrtyopaasghll: crystallographers
errttiioaaashcn: characterisations
rttiiiooaadcnnn: contraindications
eetuiioascvnnmm: communicativeness
eetuiioossscnnn: conscientiousness
eeeettiossffcvn: costeffectiveness
18
erttiiooaasslvnn: conversationalists
ettuiioopaaslcnn: conceptualisations
ttttuiiiooasslnn: constitutionalists
19
rrruoooooafhllcbn: chlorofluorocarbons
22
eeerrrttuuiioooalvnn: counterrevolutionaries

cr
3
a: car
u: cur
o: cor
4
ah: char
az: czar
5
eru: curer
iah: chair
eid: cider
iag: cigar
eod: coder
weo: cower
ead: cedar
eom: comer
eeh: cheer
eta: cater
era: carer
eal: clear
ioh: choir
eov: cover
epa: caper
eri: crier
eav: caver
6
eron: corner
eokn: conker
eidn: cinder
eadg: cadger
erta: carter, crater
erav: carver
eiop: copier
uool: colour
etul: cutler
epam: camper
ettu: cutter
eogn: conger
eera: career
eelv: clever
ruos: cursor
etas: caster
oodn: condor
eion: coiner
uoag: cougar
eabm: camber
uocn: concur
eolv: clover
etan: canter
ealm: calmer
iaav: caviar
eios: cosier
toan: cantor
weeh: chewer
eodl: colder
erud: cruder
eioz: cozier
eiph: cipher
eobm: comber
eoff: coffer
eaas: caesar
eohk: choker
eofn: confer
eopp: copper
eosl: closer
eall: caller, cellar
topa: captor
toas: castor, costar
oall: collar
eook: cooker
eool: cooler
eash: chaser
eesn: censer
eacn: cancer
eosn: censor
eoop: cooper
eyph: cypher
7
erioz: crozier
eippl: clipper
eahbm: chamber
eramm: crammer
eeram: creamer
erios: crosier
qeeuh: chequer
uoadn: candour
eiofn: conifer
tuoon: contour
ettal: clatter
uoalm: clamour
eoosh: chooser
ertof: crofter
eruil: curlier
erash: crasher
erass: crasser
eilbm: climber
eragh: charger
eruis: cruiser
eeral: clearer
rtuoa: curator
ettul: clutter
eaddh: cheddar
eepah: cheaper
eroas: coarser
eetah: cheater
eeroc: coercer
eross: crosser
etusl: cluster
eropp: cropper
erull: cruller
eioll: collier
eerul: crueler
epasl: clasper
eehkc: checker
eroon: coroner, crooner
weeih: chewier
eealv: cleaver
etahn: chanter
eahcn: chancer
erria: carrier
eaghn: changer
ettah: chatter
eafhm: chamfer
eetsh: chester
etuan: centaur
etuon: counter
etahc: catcher
eopph: chopper
euopl: coupler
erush: crusher
eiash: cashier
erakc: cracker
qeuon: conquer
opahm: camphor
ertoa: creator
eealn: cleaner
etuoh: couther
eppal: clapper
wroab: crowbar
eeerp: creeper
weral: crawler
woadl: coldwar
ertti: critter
eulbm: clumber
etoas: coaster
erips: crisper
eipal: caliper
etpah: chapter
eriaz: crazier
eihll: chiller
uiool: couloir
eiokc: cockier
eerta: caterer
ertah: charter
erahm: charmer
ealbm: clamber
eruio: courier
ertaf: crafter
eaadv: cadaver
eikln: clinker
eolbb: clobber, cobbler
8
eaadln: calendar
eoahlc: cochlear
eoadln: colander
etuosm: customer
eiopph: choppier
eeriak: creakier
euucbm: cucumber
ertuis: crustier
rriood: corridor
etiasn: canister
uoalnm: columnar
eettah: catheter
eerull: crueller
etiosl: cloister, costlier
eeriam: creamier
etiohl: clothier
ertuio: courtier
eeerlv: cleverer
werook: coworker
tuooah: coauthor
eoopsm: composer
euosfn: confuser
etuomm: commuter
eyidln: cylinder
eriips: crispier
euiddl: cuddlier
eruiop: croupier
euosnm: consumer
eruhcn: cruncher
eoovnn: convenor
erioak: croakier
eiahcn: chancier
eiihll: chillier
etiahc: catchier
eioplm: compiler
eipall: calliper
eyoovn: conveyor
tuialv: cultivar
wertio: cowriter
eualll: cellular
ruialc: circular
uoasln: consular
eeeihk: cheekier
eeerih: cheerier
eiassl: classier
eruasd: crusader
euislm: clumsier
euiodl: cloudier
eadhln: chandler
euihkn: chunkier
eioosh: choosier
eiosdn: consider
etuopm: computer
eoonmm: commoner
opaaln: coplanar
ertiaf: craftier
eeovnn: convener
ertiod: creditor
roassb: crossbar
eeasln: cleanser
eruojn: conjurer
eiaalv: cavalier
ruoojn: conjuror
9
eaassvn: canvasser
eruilbm: crumblier
eeopann: canopener
eeosdnn: condenser
ertiosh: chorister
qeruoon: conqueror
eioalln: collinear
eoossfn: confessor
etoollc: collector
eertikc: cricketer
eetodnn: contender
eruihcn: crunchier
eiaahlm: camelhair
eroadcm: camcorder
eertovn: converter
eroossv: crossover
tuoodcn: conductor
ertuuio: couturier
eertaak: caretaker
eoadnmm: commander
etioann: container
tiopaac: capacitor
euuaffh: chauffeur
eetonmm: commenter
etoocnn: connector
eerttah: chatterer
erioadn: coriander
iioalcn: conciliar
ertoofm: comforter
etoocvn: convector
ioassmm: commissar
errtooc: corrector
eertpan: carpenter
ertaahc: character
eeiahlv: chevalier
ruoofln: cornflour
ertoovn: convertor
10
etoaaghn: coathanger
eetialvn: cantilever
tiooopsm: compositor
rruuialc: curricular
ttuioalv: cultivator
ettioopm: competitor
rtoopaam: comparator
eroopssm: compressor
eoakklcm: clockmaker
eeaghlln: challenger
rtioaalb: calibrator
eiopalnm: complainer
eertioah: charioteer
eeoadnmm: commandeer
eriohlcn: chronicler
eeoaghvn: changeover
tuoaallc: calculator
eiiassfl: classifier
eoahllcn: chancellor
ttuooamm: commutator
weroofln: cornflower
eruoghhc: churchgoer
etuoaagl: cataloguer
wertyiop: copywriter
euooslln: counsellor
ertoolln: controller
tiooallm: collimator
rttooacn: contractor
eeiadhln: chandelier
eipaagnm: campaigner
uioollcn: councillor
11
eruiialvn: curvilinear
ertioashm: choirmaster
ertooasvn: conservator
rttuooscn: constructor
ertipaall: caterpillar
eeeeradhl: cheerleader
euioossnn: connoisseur
ettooanmm: commentator
etiioodnn: conditioner
etoopasnm: compensator
eertiasln: centraliser
eiaffghln: cliffhanger
errttuoab: carburettor
weuioafll: cauliflower
eeeroadkb: codebreaker
rtioooadn: coordinator
rttuioobn: contributor
tiiooalcn: conciliator
ruuopaslc: corpuscular
eruupaslc: crepuscular
eertioalm: calorimeter
rttiooscn: constrictor
ertoopllm: comptroller
erooopssc: coprocessor
eertoohnm: chronometer
weeopadln: candlepower
rtioopasn: conspirator
12
ertyaasllc: crystalclear
rrtioopahc: chiropractor
eeeerusghb: cheeseburger
tuiooacnmm: communicator
eetioofcnn: confectioner
eripaaghll: calligrapher
rtoooaallb: collaborator
eiioossnmm: commissioner
qtuiooasdn: conquistador
errtopaagh: cartographer
erttooacnn: concentrator
eetiaakbnm: cabinetmaker
13
errtyoppagh: cryptographer
eerroopaghh: choreographer
14
ruioaaasdlcv: cardiovascular
eoaaaddggkln: cloakanddagger
15
eertiopaaghnm: cinematographer
16
errtyopaasghll: crystallographer

cp
3
a: cap
u: cup
o: cop
4
oo: coop
oh: chop
ah: chap
am: camp
al: clap
us: cusp
ih: chip
uo: coup
ra: carp, crap
ro: crop
il: clip
5
ohm: chomp
ulm: clump
alm: clamp
ruo: croup
eah: cheap
uhm: chump
ram: cramp
ris: crisp
ahm: champ
rim: crimp
eeh: cheep
rih: chirp
ihm: chimp
eer: creep
asl: clasp
6
taan: catnap
tian: catnip
uall: callup
7
eualn: cleanup
euhkc: checkup
eruov: coverup
euudl: cluedup
euosl: closeup
erual: clearup
wiosl: cowslip
8
rtpaal: claptrap
9
rtuiosh: courtship
10
eriosshn: censorship
11
etiiishzn: citizenship
erioasdhm: comradeship
12
riiaashhnm: chairmanship
iiopashhnm: championship
13
rtiaassfhnm: craftsmanship
tuiioassdhn: custodianship
iioopashnnm: companionship
14
erioashhllcn: chancellorship
15
eruiioossshnn: connoisseurship

cw
3
a: caw
o: cow
4
al: claw
ro: crow
er: crew
eh: chew
oh: chow
6
oall: callow
eruf: curfew
erul: curlew
eash: cashew
8
roossb: crossbow
eoasll: coleslaw
iaashn: chainsaw
rookcc: cockcrow
9
erroskc: corkscrew
ooalnmm: commonlaw
10
rtooafln: contraflow

cv
6
eohk: chekov

cu
7
rioab: caribou
etaah: chateau

ct
3
a: cat
u: cut
o: cot
4
ru: curt
en: cent
ul: cult
ah: chat
is: cist
oa: coat
an: cant
ih: chit
as: cast
ol: clot, colt
ra: cart
ys: cyst
os: cost
5
raf: craft
eah: cheat
uib: cubit
erp: crept
eal: cleat
raa: carat
rof: croft
ers: crest
ahn: chant
ead: cadet
rah: chart
eov: covet
ruo: court
efl: cleft
eom: comet
rus: crust
oas: coast
uol: clout
uon: count
ryp: crypt
esh: chest
6
tuuo: cutout
eron: cornet
uoop: copout
eral: claret
eiln: client
oann: cannot
uisb: cubist
erov: covert
oabm: combat
erid: credit
oalb: cobalt
eogn: cogent
eahc: cachet
eask: casket
rroa: carrot
eahl: chalet
eenm: cement
eros: corset
etul: cutlet
eygn: cygnet
rish: christ
eaav: caveat
iomm: commit
etus: cutest
rooh: cohort
erpa: carpet
roav: cavort
tuag: catgut
eoss: cosset
eosl: closet
uagh: caught
raav: cravat
7
ooaln: coolant
eisll: cellist
eoalm: camelot
eishm: chemist
erocn: concert
iopkc: cockpit
eonmm: comment
rropa: carport
eosgn: congest
eoosl: coolest
erikc: cricket
eiocn: conceit
erusd: crudest
ioahb: cohabit
ooccn: concoct
roopm: comport
eollc: collect
ooplm: complot
erilc: circlet
errun: current
uoocn: coconut
rioah: chariot
iocvn: convict
roosn: consort
erulv: culvert
eraab: cabaret
easlm: calmest
etosn: contest
eiosx: coexist
eopcn: concept
eriag: cigaret
uodcn: conduct
rruop: corrupt
erooh: cheroot
eioss: cosiest
ryiop: cypriot
erovn: convert
eocnn: connect
yislc: cyclist
eelnm: clement
opacm: compact
eipss: cesspit
toacn: contact
uiodn: conduit
eosnn: consent
eovnn: convent
euopl: couplet
etonn: content
yiops: copyist
rruan: currant
roofm: comfort
eossl: closest
yopac: copycat
eiabn: cabinet
eiasg: cagiest
ruiic: circuit
eosdl: coldest
qeruo: croquet
uosln: consult
erohc: crochet
erroc: correct
erupm: crumpet
etoxn: context
iossn: consist
ioopl: copilot
tuias: catsuit
eroon: coronet
eocvn: convect
rtoon: contort
erosl: corslet
ruipl: culprit
oopsm: compost
8
rtoacn: contract
etaasn: castanet
eioshc: choicest
eerusl: cruelest
ertohc: crotchet
eroass: coarsest
rtyoas: cryostat
ropakc: crackpot
toasnn: constant
roofnn: confront
eoavnn: covenant
eualcn: cleancut
ioojnn: conjoint
etushn: chestnut
euohkc: checkout
rtoasn: contrast
tupaal: catapult
eerolv: coverlet
iaalnm: claimant
eriasm: ceramist
erualc: clearcut
weeish: chewiest
eioskc: cockiest
rtaaac: cataract
eerohn: coherent
rryoac: carrycot
eriasz: craziest
qeuosn: conquest
tyaasl: catalyst
eerscn: crescent
erialn: clarinet
aasfhm: camshaft
etopnm: contempt
eeasnm: casement
ioflcn: conflict
eruisl: curliest
ertisn: centrist
uojcnn: conjunct
ioosln: colonist
eepash: cheapest
eoalvn: covalent
eeasln: cleanest
eioasn: canoeist
eerasl: clearest
9
ruialcn: circulant
ioasgnn: cognisant
eiodnnm: condiment
ooasnnn: consonant
eiashcn: chanciest
eriipss: crispiest
ioadfnn: confidant
eruopln: corpulent
eiasssl: classiest
ioagznn: cognizant
riiafhl: chairlift
eeriasm: creamiest
rtioscn: constrict
eiadlln: candlelit
eetopnm: competent
eiodfnn: confident
eioskln: closeknit
eeeishk: cheekiest
etiossl: costliest
riopscn: conscript
erioalb: cabriolet
eeriask: creakiest
uioslnm: columnist
eishklc: checklist
eerrias: careerist
uooasnm: cosmonaut
iioplcm: complicit
euisddl: cuddliest
eioppsh: choppiest
euoflnn: confluent
ryiopgh: copyright
eoopnnm: component
etahcnm: catchment
rooadcn: concordat
eerusll: cruellest
ertiasf: craftiest
euiosdl: cloudiest
etiashc: catchiest, catechist
eeerish: cheeriest
erioask: croakiest
eiishll: chilliest
rioassn: croissant
ruooaln: colourant
toaabnm: combatant
eeralbn: celebrant
euisslm: clumsiest
eruognn: congruent
eoosnmm: commonest
rrooanm: cormorant
etionnn: continent
eeerslv: cleverest
ertuiss: crustiest
rtuoscn: construct
uiosnmm: communist
rttuoah: cutthroat
iopalnm: complaint, compliant
10
uiiashvn: chauvinist
etionmmm: commitment
eeoplnmm: complement
rtiooasn: cartoonist
rtioasnn: constraint
eioplnmm: compliment
eerofnnm: conferment
etiossnn: consistent
eroasvnn: conversant
eropahbm: chamberpot
etiognnn: contingent
rooadcnn: concordant
eiiodcnn: coincident
tiipaasl: capitalist
errtoovn: controvert
eerogvnn: convergent
eiophkcn: checkpoint
oaadnnmm: commandant
eruicvnm: circumvent
rtioadcn: contradict
eruishcn: crunchiest
ertuoacn: counteract
eruislbm: crumbliest
eeiovnnn: convenient
rtioopam: compatriot
raasfhkn: crankshaft
rioosfnm: conformist
erruocnn: concurrent
iiassslc: classicist
ertiasln: centralist
ruuosdlb: cloudburst
tuoaslnn: consultant
eopalcnm: complacent
qeeuosnn: consequent
eetiosxn: coexistent
ettoasnn: contestant
eeeroshv: coversheet
11
iopaalnnm: complainant
eettonnnm: contentment
eoadnnmmm: commandment
uioacnnmm: communicant
ettuiosnn: constituent
ryioaalvn: clairvoyant
iiooaslln: colonialist
etioannnm: containment
tiooacnnm: concomitant
errtuopan: counterpart
riioopsdh: chiropodist
ertiioasn: creationist
ertuialnm: curtailment
eeiioffcn: coefficient
rrtioopas: corporatist
eruipsccm: circumspect
iooossglm: cosmologist
tioaannnm: contaminant
eertuiofn: counterfeit
iopaaslnm: complaisant
eruiossnm: consumerist
eiadghlln: candlelight
eeiofnnnm: confinement
ertopanmm: compartment
eiosgnnnm: consignment
eeoalcnnm: concealment
12
eeroopsdnn: corespondent
riioaassmm: commissariat
eeoaslcvnn: convalescent
ertuioopnn: counterpoint
riiooasdgl: cardiologist
etiiosllcv: collectivist
eeeocnnmmm: commencement
erttiiasln: clarinettist
rtyypaasln: cryptanalyst
eetiasshnm: chastisement
13
etiioosfcnn: confectionist
eerroopsdnn: correspondent
eetiiosffcn: costefficient
riiioosglnm: criminologist
rttiiooosnn: contortionist
eruiiosdlcc: closedcircuit
ioopaasglnm: campanologist
14
rttuiiosscvn: constructivist
15
etiiooaslvnnn: conventionalist
ertiiooassvnn: conservationist
16
rtiioooaasllbn: collaborationist
eeeuiishlcnnmm: chemiluminescent
17
ertiiooaasslvnn: conversationalist

pr
3
a: par
e: per
4
oo: poor
ru: purr
ei: pier
ee: peer
ea: pear
uo: pour
ia: pair
5
eya: payer
eip: piper
eal: paler
eru: purer
eok: poker
eet: peter
eac: pacer
oal: polar
weo: power
eag: pager
eos: poser
rio: prior
eta: pater
epa: paper
6
eadn: pander
eadl: pedlar
eroo: poorer
etto: potter
eyal: player
euff: puffer
etta: patter
erto: porter, pretor
iall: pillar
oall: pallor
erim: primer
eras: parser
eriz: prizer
eazn: panzer
eush: pusher
erop: proper
epam: pamper
ettu: putter
eopp: popper
etun: punter
eerf: prefer
erok: porker
weod: powder
erya: prayer
uasl: pulsar
eifl: pilfer
ealc: placer
eolv: plover
eupa: pauper
eass: passer
eepp: pepper
eikn: pinker
eodl: polder
eeep: peeper
eodn: ponder
etuo: pouter
eets: pester
eikc: picker
etos: poster
erus: purser
eohn: phoner
aaln: planar
erob: prober
eeel: peeler
euin: punier
weet: pewter
eakc: packer
toas: pastor
opal: poplar
eekc: pecker
eicn: pincer
euos: poseur
eull: puller
7
eoahc: poacher
eruod: prouder
eracn: prancer
eihcn: pincher
werol: prowler
eaddl: paddler
eugln: plunger
euhcn: puncher
eriic: pricier
eeric: piercer
eraad: parader
eerik: perkier
uopal: popular
eulzz: puzzler
etiih: pithier
eerim: premier
ruoal: parlour
eoddl: plodder
eetti: pettier
etian: painter
eeion: pioneer
etusn: punster
ealnn: planner
etiol: politer
etion: pointer
euish: pushier
etasl: plaster, psalter
ettal: platter
etahn: panther
eroff: proffer
eiann: pannier
eruus: pursuer
etuas: pasteur
eaalv: palaver
eudln: plunder
etaln: planter
eerhc: percher
eulbm: plumber
etihc: pitcher
ettol: plotter
euplm: plumper
ertin: printer
euklc: plucker
eyolm: polymer
ertan: partner
erops: prosper
eeddl: peddler
rtooc: proctor
8
etuoll: polluter
eioshl: polisher
euiklc: pluckier
erttal: prattler
ertial: paltrier
eroalm: premolar
etosll: pollster
eerrpa: preparer
etiasl: pilaster
eertti: prettier
eryuov: purveyor
eiiafc: pacifier
eerruj: perjurer
eruiif: purifier
eeiahc: peachier
etiahc: patchier
ruoaam: paramour
ertaak: partaker
eriosn: prisoner
erookv: provoker
etoasl: polestar
ertopm: prompter
euialc: peculiar
eruodc: producer
eioosn: poisoner
eroops: proposer
ertoom: promoter
oopshh: phosphor
eriodv: provider
tuuasl: pustular
eerahc: preacher
weriac: pricewar
euollv: pullover
eoassv: passover
ertoad: predator
9
uoopadm: pompadour
eoossss: possessor
etyaasm: paymaster
eeetupp: puppeteer
erruosc: precursor
eeropll: propeller
eruashc: purchaser
ertiodc: predictor
eeaakcm: pacemaker
eroossf: professor
euishlb: publisher
eeertsn: presenter
eroossc: processor
eeassgn: passenger
eertiav: privateer
erttooc: protector
ertoojc: projector
eeerrsv: preserver
eertaam: parameter
erttoos: protestor
eertasl: plasterer
eeertdn: pretender
eeiosnn: pensioner
ertaskn: prankster
eerrofm: performer
eriiklc: pricklier
eertuol: poulterer
ertioos: posterior
eeertim: perimeter
weeeriv: previewer
eetyosl: polyester
eerttos: protester
10
rtoopaag: propagator
erroagmm: programmer
eruoodfn: profounder
weroakbn: pawnbroker
euiaslnn: peninsular
eeeaakcm: peacemaker
rtuiaalc: particular
eettiion: petitioner
eiiaklln: painkiller
rrttooac: protractor
eeettanm: pentameter
eeroadnm: promenader
ertooalc: percolator
etiadfhn: pathfinder
eetaasln: pleasanter
ertuoosc: prosecutor
errtioop: proprietor
ertoopsc: prospector
ertioogn: progenitor
tiooalln: pollinator
ettoassm: postmaster
eertuosc: persecutor
11
eeoadhllc: placeholder
eerrooadf: proofreader
eeetpahlm: pamphleteer
eioopshhl: philosopher
errtoopaa: paratrooper
eerrttopa: perpetrator
weeriiznn: prizewinner
eriioashn: parishioner
eeerossdc: predecessor
etiooophc: photocopier
12
eeriipaflm: preamplifier
ertoopaghh: photographer
erroopaghn: pornographer
eyioodhllc: policyholder
ertuoaalbm: perambulator
erttiioacn: practitioner
13
eeruipadlcn: perpendicular
eeetttioonm: potentiometer
eerttooophc: photoreceptor
14
rrttiooaascn: procrastinator
15
ettuiioophllm: photomultiplier
ertttiiioasdg: prestidigitator
eeettttyoopsh: phototypesetter

ps
3
u: pus
4
en: pens
ei: pies
ad: pads
ip: pips
eg: pegs
ea: peas
al: pals
an: pans
as: pass
in: pins
et: pets
ep: peps
ig: pigs
tu: puts
to: pots
ti: pits
ro: pros
ta: pats
we: pews
wa: paws
ya: pays
od: pods
up: pups
us: puss
ul: plus
un: puns
ug: pugs
ub: pubs
op: pops
5
aln: plans
all: palls
alm: palms
rta: parts
ron: porns
ugl: plugs
rto: ports
rod: prods
ttu: putts
rop: props
elb: plebs
wro: prows
okc: pocks
opl: plops
upl: pulps
upm: pumps
eep: peeps
eer: peers
eel: peels
eek: peeks
oll: polls
odl: plods
odn: ponds
rru: purrs
ruo: pours
rul: purls
ial: pails
uff: puffs
ikc: picks
tun: punts
tuo: pouts
ikn: pinks
ets: pests
ill: pills
ekc: pecks
eri: piers, pries
eta: pates
akc: packs
erk: perks
eto: poets
etl: pelts
ipm: pimps
wan: pawns
ian: pains
ukn: punks
tos: posts
yal: plays
tol: plots
eak: peaks
eal: pales, peals, pleas
ean: panes
ool: pools
eac: paces
eag: pages
eav: paves
eip: pipes
erp: preps
ers: press
ery: preys, pyres
era: pares, pears
ull: pulls
ulm: plums
erm: perms
eik: pikes
ero: pores
eil: piles, plies
ein: pines
tas: pasts
ram: prams
rak: parks
uio: pious
uam: pumas
tac: pacts
tan: pants
tah: paths
ria: pairs, paris
yol: ploys
rya: prays
paa: papas
tin: pints
tih: piths
ign: pings
ion: pions
agn: pangs
eok: pokes
eom: poems
eol: poles
eos: poses
eop: popes
6
erok: pokers
aagn: pagans, pangas
erob: probes
erov: proves
eros: posers
rikc: pricks
eash: phases
ruim: primus, purims
eern: preens
eert: peters
taas: pastas
euas: pauses
eass: passes
rakn: pranks
rism: prisms
yopl: polyps
etii: pities
uipn: pinups
yoln: pylons
eulm: plumes
eeya: payees
wrol: prowls
eulx: plexus
rrio: priors
oakl: polkas
etas: pastes
iacn: panics
etal: petals, plates, pleats
aalz: plazas
erug: purges
aadn: pandas
eaan: paeans
erun: prunes
tias: pastis
tian: paints
erus: purses
tial: plaits
tiip: pipits
iazz: pizzas
eadl: pedals, pleads
wran: prawns
ealc: places
ealn: panels, planes
eeru: purees
eeic: pieces
eiix: pixies
tooh: photos
ulbm: plumbs
rion: prions
uipl: pupils
tiov: pivots
tios: posits
roof: proofs
tioa: patois
tiol: pilots
tion: pitons, points
wero: powers
wpaa: papaws
erag: pagers
erad: padres
eriz: prizes
erac: pacers
eilx: pixels
rtin: prints
eilv: pelvis
eral: pearls
ialn: plains
eris: prises
erip: pipers
erpa: papers
eril: perils, pliers
erim: primes
eras: parses
iadl: plaids
erid: prides
eush: pushes
eric: precis, prices
eusl: pluses, pulses
erya: payers
akln: planks
ruoo: porous
eios: poises, posies
toah: pathos
eohn: phones
rogn: prongs
eion: ponies
raak: parkas
uodn: pounds
uklc: plucks
taln: plants
aslm: psalms
paam: pampas
7
eeopl: peoples
ericn: pincers, princes
tihln: plinths
eulmm: pummels
eersc: precess
etokc: pockets
eohln: phenols
etupp: puppets
ruoal: parlous
euddl: puddles
eerkc: peckers
eugln: plunges
etikc: pickets
eerss: presses
riaah: pariahs
werod: powders
eeion: peonies
eiolc: polices
ropal: poplars
etaal: palates
etaln: planets, platens
eoadm: pomades
ettan: patents, pattens
eruin: purines
eralc: parcels, placers
etahc: patches
uiffn: puffins
tioon: potions
euasg: pegasus
riosn: prisons
tuidn: pundits
rtiof: profits
erohc: porches
erupa: paupers
erupl: purples
roasn: parsons
eiopp: poppies
eiklc: pickles
ettia: patties
ettio: potties
eradn: panders
euipp: puppies
eradl: pedlars
tiosl: pistols
tiosn: pistons
erass: passers
ryupa: papyrus
eihcn: pinches
erosc: process
erasc: parsecs
etakc: packets
euhcn: punches
erash: phrases
eeruv: prevues
eerus: peruses
errya: prayers
eulzz: puzzles
eedgl: pledges
erism: premiss
iipgn: pipings
eiplm: pimples
erakc: packers
ertun: punters
etasl: pastels
eaddl: paddles
qeual: plaques
eropl: propels
iagvn: pavings
eeinn: pennies
etadn: pedants
etuan: peanuts
rrtoa: parrots
errto: porters
eiasn: pansies
erras: parsers
weros: prowess
euocn: pounces
eelbb: pebbles
eiikn: pinkies
uossm: possums
eruos: poseurs
ertto: potters
etupa: pupates
aaslm: plasmas
aaajm: pajamas
erria: parries
etull: pullets
eertl: petrels
errim: primers
iiccn: picnics
aaslc: pascals
eeasl: pleases
etigl: piglets
roadn: pardons
eoahc: poaches
ryign: pryings
uoghl: ploughs
uoopm: pompous
tyohn: pythons
iaazz: piazzas
eiogn: pigeons
uiodm: podiums
eraad: parades
rtopm: prompts
eetas: pesetas
uipkc: pickups
eyull: pulleys
etioc: poetics
ioosn: poisons
eoohc: pooches
toohn: photons
riall: pillars
rtoan: patrons
rtoal: patrols, portals
eosss: possess
yyaad: paydays
erodn: ponders
eeahn: peahens
rtoas: pastors
eeahc: peaches
etall: pallets
etuio: piteous
eilcn: pencils
ertos: posters
eerts: presets
uupsh: pushups
erttu: putters
roogm: pogroms
yaajm: pyjamas
erosf: profess
ertta: patters
ertoa: proteas
eeddl: peddles
erahc: parches
erosn: persons
tuipl: pulpits
wwpaa: pawpaws
erikc: pickers
ruasl: pulsars
eriox: proxies
yishc: physics
eerrf: prefers
euagl: plagues
wioll: pillows
eoodl: poodles
eolln: pollens
ioahb: phobias
eyigm: pygmies
eriod: periods
eetll: pellets
eeric: pierces
errun: pruners
eyohn: phoneys
eryal: players
tighl: plights
euohc: pouches
etias: pasties
etian: panties
eetlm: pelmets
eaalc: palaces
oaadg: pagodas
iionn: pinions
eetos: poetess
rtuis: purists
erypa: prepays
erpah: perhaps
erush: pushers
erpam: pampers
erusc: percuss
eruus: pursues
ertyi: pyrites
eeerl: peelers
eerhc: perches
erolv: plovers
ertia: parties, pirates
etihc: pitches
erias: praises
ertim: permits
eerpp: peppers
erafb: prefabs
euoff: pouffes
ruiln: purlins
ertan: parents
ruall: plurals
ertis: priests
rtoon: protons
eeerp: peepers
8
ertton: portents
ryoall: payrolls
erttol: plotters
eeersl: peerless
etuoll: pollutes
eertfc: perfects, prefects
etaasn: peasants
riaahn: piranhas
etuaal: plateaus
erttoc: protects
oaddkc: paddocks
rtioon: portions
etannn: pennants
erudln: plunders
etaalc: placates
raadlc: placards
eroosn: poorness
eroops: proposes
etuian: petunias
errops: prospers
eiiafc: pacifies
yoaadl: payloads
eeannm: pennames
uipknm: pumpkins
eeohnm: phonemes
erioad: parodies
ertaln: planters
rrtuop: purports
eriscn: princess
tiiolc: politics
ertaak: partakes
eriofl: profiles
eriash: parishes
rruoal: parlours
ertojc: projects
eeradv: pervades
eertvn: prevents
euaglm: plumages
rtiagn: partings
uiddgn: puddings
roaagn: paragons
eeralc: percales
yyoalb: playboys
rtuuis: pursuits
ettian: patients
eerish: perishes
tooonn: pontoons
rroagm: programs
eerism: premises
riiagn: pairings
eerisd: presides
ertuos: postures
tiiasn: pianists
eraddl: paddlers
eisknn: pinkness
etialn: pantiles
eiosnn: pensions
eerion: pioneers
etiasm: pastimes
eeigln: peelings
eettal: palettes
erookv: provokes
iaglcn: placings
eruops: purposes
eialcn: pelicans
eiasln: painless
etpaal: palpates
yiagln: playings
etiisg: pigsties
eruimm: premiums
etulmm: plummets
eaassg: passages
erttos: protests
eeacnn: penances
ertidc: predicts
eetipd: peptides
etadnn: pendants
tiaslc: plastics
eiooln: polonies
eertpc: percepts, precepts
uuoopl: populous
ertoph: prophets
ttoosh: potshots
eerodc: proceeds
eraalb: parables
rrtyoa: portrays
eruodc: produces
eertog: proteges
yoogln: polygons
ruoonn: pronouns
erugln: plungers
etashl: pathless
ertasl: plasters, psalters
ertiss: persists
eerttx: pretexts
rtiaaf: parfaits
eiagll: pillages
eerrtv: perverts
eertad: predates
eeasln: paleness
tyupal: platypus
errtin: printers
eertsn: pertness, presents
oadklc: padlocks
yipasl: payslips
eioshl: polishes
eiiolc: policies
ripasn: parsnips
eaagkc: packages
eerrpa: prepares
ertuic: pictures
iasdlm: plasmids
etuasl: pulsates
eeerag: peerages
ertuii: purities
erruus: pursuers
ruiggn: purgings
eaakcn: pancakes
euignn: penguins
ryiadm: pyramids
eruioc: precious
ertoom: promotes
ertuas: pastures
eruiol: perilous
eriiac: piracies
ertiam: primates
eerufm: perfumes
eiadhn: pinheads
eruiov: previous
errtan: partners
erisnm: primness
eeislv: pelvises
eroahc: poachers
ertodn: portends
eaaacn: panaceas
tiosgn: postings
eerusm: presumes
etyanm: payments
erruoc: procures
erialv: prevails
werrol: prowlers
eerifx: prefixes
erulbm: plumbers
toahnm: phantoms
eeerdc: precedes
rttios: protists
eerddl: peddlers
iigkcn: pickings
rrtooc: proctors
etoohl: potholes
eerahc: preaches
rttioa: patriots
eettip: pipettes
rrtuui: pruritus
errosg: progress
eertal: prelates
etiisl: pitiless
eiolcm: polemics
roaasl: parasols
tiafll: pitfalls
eertum: permutes
eraacn: pancreas
errovb: proverbs
tooaln: platoons
erttal: platters
tuiadl: plaudits
erttan: patterns
ertian: painters, pantries, pertains
etuusl: pustules
eerudl: preludes
iagkcn: packings
ertiav: privates
ertias: pastries
eruuil: purlieus
roogln: prolongs
ertiia: parities
tiiagl: pigtails
erolbm: problems
etignm: pigments
eralnn: planners
euishn: punishes
riiglm: pilgrims
eruiif: purifies
eertdn: pretends
riasgn: parsings
ertahn: panthers
ruignn: prunings
wtyaah: pathways
eiohln: pinholes
eerusn: pureness
eerric: piercers
weeriv: previews
eerrim: premiers
topalm: palmtops
eriosm: promises
erroff: proffers
etoalc: polecats
iaddgn: paddings
eoakcc: peacocks
eriann: panniers
erriia: prairies
eiassv: passives
erriio: priories
errofm: performs
rtuian: puritans
rtuodc: products
ertihc: pitchers
eroagl: pergolas
eriodv: provides
eryolm: polymers
tioffn: pontiffs
ertion: pointers, proteins
erupss: pressups
yishcc: psychics
eiakxc: pickaxes
ertpaa: parapets
etaagn: pageants
ioassn: passions
eriklc: prickles
eerafc: prefaces
9
eruoshv: pushovers
roaaanm: panoramas
eeislnn: penniless
euisffn: puffiness
eettinn: penitents
ertialc: particles
eerossc: processes
eerossf: professes
erioshl: polishers
eryaasl: paralyses
eiosslb: possibles
eeiipln: pipelines
eroaadx: paradoxes
euishlb: publishes
rtiiohb: prohibits
eetavnm: pavements
tiiopnn: pinpoints
eeiaskn: peakiness
eeeridg: pedigrees
erttoas: prostates
etaadln: peatlands
erioops: porpoises
ioslllm: plimsolls
eiadgln: pleadings
riipkcn: pinpricks
rioosgn: prognosis
eeerrsv: preserves
weerosl: powerless
rioalcm: proclaims
eeertog: protegees
eetialn: penalties
uiooosn: poisonous
etaashn: pheasants
errtopm: prompters
tiaglnn: plantings
rtoaflm: platforms
eeericv: perceives
eeryoxn: pyroxenes
eruoghl: ploughers
eertiss: priestess
eetiocn: potencies
eriiazz: pizzerias
rtioosn: positrons
etpahlm: pamphlets
etiosfx: postfixes
eeertcn: pretences
rttuion: printouts
eeiasln: penalises
erryuov: purveyors
weroadl: polewards
etoosdc: postcodes
eerpasl: paperless
riaadgm: paradigms
iioalvn: pavilions
eeriodx: peroxides
eyosshc: psychoses
etoosxb: postboxes
eertaak: parakeets
eerudlc: precludes
ryyiosl: pyrolysis
ertulcm: plectrums
eerrahc: preachers
eyopahn: payphones
rrooafm: proformas
eetidnm: pediments
rrttioa: portraits
ertiasc: practises
etiohcn: phonetics
ertoasn: patroness
ertiasl: pilasters
eiadcnm: pandemics
rtoaskm: postmarks
yiosshc: psychosis
eeerrim: premieres
rtooolc: protocols
ertiacc: practices
etuafll: platefuls
eerttio: potteries
eruollv: pullovers
eialcnn: pinnacles
erroalm: premolars
tiioosn: positions
errtoad: predators
ettiion: petitions
eruuion: penurious
erticcn: precincts
eertiif: petrifies
uialcbn: publicans
eerosnn: proneness
ryiaasl: paralysis
eeerscn: presences
eriocvn: provinces
etoopsn: postpones
eriiodg: prodigies
eroosgn: prognoses
roopshh: phosphors
erriiam: primaries
eerussc: percusses
ertopsc: prospects
erroops: proposers
etyaalm: playmates
eeossss: possesses
eettisn: pettiness
tuiopsl: populists
etiosln: pointless
eerislc: priceless
ertoohl: portholes
etyoopl: polytopes
riooscb: proboscis
riioass: psoriasis
rtopass: passports
wopashn: pawnshops
etiiosv: positives
uaffllb: puffballs
rtiignn: printings
eeriklc: pickerels
tyoogll: polyglots
eraalll: parallels
eeralbm: preambles
eerissm: premisses
riadhlc: pilchards
eruashc: purchases
euuodln: pendulous
rtoasdc: postcards
ertiaas: parasites
erissgn: pressings
etoaghn: pathogens
ertuoll: polluters
errtoom: promoters
eeruasl: pleasures
tiiagnn: paintings
ertosll: pollsters
eruoodn: ponderous
wroassd: passwords
eeruasd: persuades
roaaalb: parabolas
eertasd: pederasts
eettall: platelets
eruoogl: prologues
rtiaasn: partisans
eetasdl: pedestals
erriosn: prisoners
erriosm: primroses
etaalcn: placentas
eiaasdl: palisades
ertosdh: potsherds
eerisnm: primeness
errtaak: partakers
eiaslnn: plainness
erriodv: providers
eriaasd: paradises
eupslnm: plumpness
etoagnn: pentagons
etiashc: pastiches
eerruss: pressures
roopasl: proposals
erioafn: pinafores
eriioll: pillories
ertoalc: pectorals
eerrrpa: preparers
eeiohxn: phoenixes
eeertam: permeates
eeerrta: peartrees
errtuod: protrudes
euudlnm: pendulums
erruodc: producers
ryoasxm: paroxysms
ertuucn: punctures
ertoalb: portables
eetuoln: plenteous
tiiasfc: pacifists
10
eerrossg: progresses
erroagmm: programmes
eerttuio: pirouettes
eerisscn: princesses
ertoopnn: proponents
eeriipcc: precipices
errooadf: proofreads
rtiooonm: promotions
etioanmm: pantomimes
etiaslln: panellists
eertuosc: prosecutes
eertopsh: prophetess
ertuaahc: parachutes
weeerriv: previewers
eertisdn: presidents
yiiashcn: physicians
etiisssm: pessimists
errtuoas: pterosaurs
ertiosfl: profitless
ertopaag: propagates
errtiodc: predictors
ettuoasl: postulates
rrtiaahc: patriarchs
eeroohnm: pheromones
eruishlb: publishers
eertyosl: polyesters
rtoooazn: protozoans
yyuoogln: polygynous
rttuoalc: plutocrats
eiooasln: polonaises
erttuoon: portentous
eruiopcn: porcupines
erruioac: precarious
rtiaagnm: ptarmigans
etoohllc: photocells
eetyophn: phenotypes
ruiioodg: prodigious
etyupasl: platypuses
eerialnn: perennials
eeippaln: pineapples
eeriiglv: privileges
eraaallx: parallaxes
eeraakcm: pacemakers
eerrtaam: parameters
ertiiasv: privatises
rttiioan: partitions
eeerrtsn: presenters
eeroadnm: promenades
errtoojc: projectors
rtuiollc: portcullis
eerruodc: procedures
ettioaln: potentials
ruoopshh: phosphorus
wertooab: powerboats
rtiofhkc: pitchforks
ertiioal: polarities
erttyoop: prototypes
eruoocnn: pronounces
eriaahcm: pharmacies
tyioshcc: psychotics
erruoops: prosperous
eruiiodf: perfidious
eerrudln: plunderers
tyiisshc: physicists
eerassgn: passengers
eerrrofm: performers
errtioos: posteriors
eeerrign: peregrines
eeerttan: penetrates
rtuiasll: pluralists
tiiaffln: plaintiffs
ertuopsc: prospectus
eeerrtdn: pretenders
eetiisdc: pesticides
etioadln: planetoids
eroossss: possessors
tyiooshl: photolysis
eriiplcn: principles
eriioscn: precisions
ertahcnm: parchments
eetttoan: potentates
eetiosln: politeness
riioosvn: provisions
eerropll: propellers
errtiadg: partridges
eertoalc: percolates
errttoas: prostrates
eerrttos: protesters
errtaskn: pranksters
eerrtiof: profiteers
errttooc: protectors
tyiaghln: playthings
eyuosdnm: pseudonyms
rtuiioop: propitious
eerrtiop: properties
rtiaagcm: pragmatics
yuooaglm: polygamous
riipalcn: principals
ertiossh: prosthesis
ryuopagl: playgroups
eertiadc: predicates
rtiopgnm: promptings
eeriopsh: prophesies
eeeerrsv: perseveres
eriaghcn: preachings
euiislcb: publicises
errruosc: precursors
eeerrtim: perimeters
eriaadcm: paramedics
rtioagcm: pictograms
uuioagcn: pugnacious
tuioolln: pollutions
etopashh: phosphates
eeertdcn: precedents
eeroasgn: personages
errttoos: protestors
eeruidjc: prejudices
ertaagnm: pentagrams
eeriopsc: periscopes
rrtyoaal: portrayals
ertioasn: patronises
ertioadn: predations
eeriosnn: pensioners
iiosghln: polishings
eerttisn: prettiness
eerriscb: prescribes
tuiislcb: publicists
errtiiio: priorities
erruashc: purchasers
eetalcnm: placements
tiioosln: postilions
ertiiivm: primitives
eerrtasl: plasterers
tuioasln: pulsations
ettuiadl: platitudes
ertiasln: paltriness
erpaakcb: paperbacks
erroossc: processors
erroossf: professors
eruiiocn: pernicious
tuuooshm: posthumous
eeriophc: prophecies
rrpaaagh: paragraphs
rtiioavn: privations
euiaslnn: peninsulas
ttuoalln: pollutants
ertiipsn: pinstripes
rtiiaacn: patricians
ertopsnm: promptness
etuiacnm: pneumatics
eerrtiav: privateers
ettuuacn: punctuates
rtuiosgn: posturings
eruioocc: precocious
iioosgnn: poisonings
rioaaacn: paranoiacs
euihlcnn: punchlines
eerruasd: persuaders
eriikccn: picnickers
tooaalnn: pantaloons
rtiaalcc: practicals
etttioac: petticoats
rrtoopaa: paratroops
etiashcn: patchiness
eeertslc: preselects
ertyaasm: paymasters
11
eeeisshvn: peevishness
ertiaalnm: parliaments
eeerriiph: peripheries
eeeissvnn: pensiveness
errtoopsc: prospectors
ryiopahlx: prophylaxis
eertiovnn: preventions
eeeraakcm: peacemakers
eerttiion: petitioners
ertioojcn: projections
ertiioafn: profanities
eruuiopsc: perspicuous
euoopssnm: pompousness
eerripahl: peripherals
eertippnm: peppermints
rrtuiaalc: particulars
eriioadlc: periodicals
eeruopssl: purposeless
eeertashn: parentheses
eerraallb: pallbearers
erriipash: periphrasis
qeertuiis: perquisites
eeerttanm: pentameters
errtuoosc: prosecutors
rrtiooopn: proportions
eyuasflln: playfulness
uiioshcnn: pincushions
erttoosmm: postmortems
weyaaassg: passageways
erioosscn: processions
rtiaashcm: pharmacists
erttoassm: postmasters
tuuiiolcn: punctilious
eriisklcn: prickliness
eeerisscn: preciseness
eeruossfn: profuseness
eertiashn: parenthesis
eeriashlb: perishables
eertiojlc: projectiles
errtiaknm: printmakers
werroakbn: pawnbrokers
eeriodgcn: proceedings
eertioajv: pejoratives
eioosdccn: picoseconds
eeertagcn: percentages
rtiiaasgl: plagiarists
eeeerdccn: precedences
eerriosvn: perversions
eruissdhn: prudishness
eerroppcn: peppercorns
eriiossnm: permissions
ertttoasn: protestants
errioalcm: proclaimers
eeertisss: priestesses
eioossssn: possessions
ryuoadgln: playgrounds
ertiiodcn: predictions
ertuiiosg: prestigious
eeerrttpa: perpetrates
weioasllc: pillowcases
eertoassn: patronesses
ruuiooscm: promiscuous
eerruisss: pressurises
rtiooalln: pollinators
errtioogn: progenitors
riooaadlb: paraboloids
rrtuioosn: protrusions
yiooallnm: polynomials
rrrttooac: protractors
eertiosnn: pretensions
ttioaalnn: plantations
eeertilcn: percentiles
ertuiiopc: precipitous
eerrtuosc: persecutors
ertiipalc: participles
errroagmm: programmers
ertttuios: prostitutes
ttiiiossv: positivists
errtiiios: prioritises
eeriopssd: predisposes
eerttuion: pretentious
errtooalc: percolators
eeriagcnn: pregnancies
rtuioodcn: productions
eriiagglm: pilgrimages
eerttasln: patternless
eioasssln: passionless
errpaaash: paraphrases
eeeerrfcn: preferences
eeriocnnm: prominences
erttioocn: protections
eriiglcnn: princelings
ryioaacnm: pyromaniacs
eerrtiiop: proprieties
rtopaaghn: pantographs
ettyioshl: polytheists
rtoopaghh: photographs
ertopalln: propellants
eeryoaslm: polymerases
tyopashhc: psychopaths
errtyooak: prokaryotes
eerroadnm: promenaders
eeiossssv: possessives
ruooopshh: phosphorous
eriiaklln: painkillers
eettisshn: pettishness
eeruoppss: presupposes
erioadlnm: palindromes
ettiioasn: poinsettias
eertiopcn: perceptions
weyoaflll: playfellows
etiiaallv: palliatives
rttiaasgm: pragmatists
eeiopadhl: paedophiles
ertiadfhn: pathfinders
rttiopssc: postscripts
euiasflnn: painfulness
rrtoopaag: propagators
eruioassn: persuasions
etiooaghl: pathologies
eeroasfnn: profaneness
eertiasdn: pedestrians
ertiiaadc: paediatrics
etiooophc: photocopies
etuishnnm: punishments
errrtioop: proprietors
eeerttupa: perpetuates
etiopkkcc: pickpockets
tiiioalcn: politicians
weeruoosh: powerhouses
eetiosdnn: pointedness
ertuioacn: precautions
eertiofcn: perfections
eeriiosfn: personifies
wrtyiaghl: playwrights
tuioopaln: populations
erioossfn: professions
12
ertiooophc: photocopiers
ertuiopsnm: presumptions
erttuoaanm: portmanteaus
ertuiioacn: pertinacious
eerttiofgg: pettifoggers
errtioaaln: proletarians
eeertpahlm: pamphleteers
eetaasslnn: pleasantness
eertiaasln: pleasantries
ettiiashll: philatelists
eriissgghn: priggishness
eerrtiaasm: parametrises
ertiioopsn: prepositions
tuiioalcbn: publications
eerroafcnm: performances
errtiooonm: promontories
eerttioann: penetrations
eertiiopsn: propensities
erriioashn: parishioners
eetyioppdl: polypeptides
eertiadcnm: predicaments
rtiiioohbn: prohibitions
eerriossgv: progressives
erttiipaac: participates
ryuooophlm: polymorphous
eruoasghhl: ploughshares
eetioasghn: pathogenesis
eeerrpasdn: preparedness
erttuioanm: permutations
eeruiosscn: preciousness
eeeriisdcn: presidencies
eerrrttopa: perpetrators
weeruosfln: powerfulness
errioossgn: progressions
ertiiasslc: plasticisers
ttuuioacnn: punctuations
ertuiosllc: portcullises
ttiiopaaln: palpitations
eertioadnm: predominates
eeeerrssvn: perverseness
eiioopshhl: philosophies
eerrtioofl: profiteroles
ertiiiolcv: proclivities
etiioahcnn: phoneticians
tiioosghll: philologists
etyiohlccn: polytechnics
rttiooasgn: protagonists
eeeeerpakc: peacekeepers
eerrrooadf: proofreaders
eeerrossdc: predecessors
errrtoopaa: paratroopers
eertuioscn: persecutions
rttuiaashc: parachutists
ertyiohccn: pyrotechnics
weertipagh: paperweights
rttiipaacn: participants
erttiosssm: postmistress
eerrtuoops: preposterous
rtiiooopsn: propositions
rtioooacvn: provocations
eerttiipac: precipitates
eertuopssc: prospectuses
ertiioonnm: premonitions
ttiooasghl: pathologists
errtiopaan: preparations
eyuuoosdnm: pseudonymous
eeeuasflcn: peacefulness
eerrtioagv: prerogatives
eyioosghlc: psychologies
erioopshhl: philosophers
errtiiaahc: patriarchies
eetiiossvn: positiveness
eeertipscv: perspectives
ertuiooscn: prosecutions
erttuiaalc: particulates
eertuuoacn: percutaneous
errtiooafn: perforations
ertuuuopsm: presumptuous
eerrtuocnm: procurements
eerrtioafl: proliferates
errtipashn: partnerships
eertoaagnm: pomegranates
eeertiiplx: perplexities
eerrrtiops: proprietress
ruiiooasnm: parsimonious
eerttiosgl: poltergeists
13
errtoopaghh: photographers
ertioosghln: phrenologists
eyiiosshkcn: psychokinesis
ryioopshlmm: polymorphisms
eeerrtiasvv: preservatives
errroopaghn: pornographers
eeerrtttanm: pretreatments
weeerosssln: powerlessness
tyiioossghl: physiologists
errttiioacn: practitioners
ertiiioalbb: probabilities
eriooassfln: professionals
iiooppsdhhl: phospholipids
rtiopaasdgn: propagandists
eeeriassvvn: pervasiveness
rrttiiopaac: participators
rtyiopahlcc: prophylactics
ertiioodcnn: preconditions
eertiioasln: personalities
rtuiooaglnm: promulgations
ttuuiioadln: platitudinous
eertiiodlcn: predilections
eeriiiofccn: proficiencies
eeeerrtidnm: predetermines
eetiaasllnm: planetesimals
eerrtuoacbn: protuberances
rtiiooaasln: polarisations
eerrtttooac: protectorates
erttuoaasdg: postgraduates
ertttiooasn: protestations
etiiiiosslb: possibilities
eyyoasllllb: polysyllables
eerttioasnn: presentations
eetiossslnn: pointlessness
eettoopsnnm: postponements
eruiiopascc: perspicacious
etyiiioollm: poliomyelitis
eerriiialnm: preliminaries
errttuioabn: perturbations
ertiioogcnn: precognitions
eeerttisnnm: presentiments
rtiooaalcnm: proclamations
eertuiiialc: peculiarities
errtiiopscn: prescriptions
tyioossghlc: psychologists
rttyiiasshc: psychiatrists
eyiioosghnm: physiognomies
eertiiisvnm: primitiveness
eeerrtuasnm: prematureness
eryioodhllc: policyholders
14
ertuiiossscn: percussionists
ertuioaalbnm: perambulations
ertiiiipalcn: principalities
ttiiiooafcnn: pontifications
eerrtiioagnn: peregrinations
rtioaasdglnn: prostaglandins
eerruioasscn: precariousness
eetttiiioaln: potentialities
errtiiiaaalm: paramilitaries
ertiiiaaadcn: paediatricians
ettyioosshhn: photosynthesis
eeruioossccn: precociousness
rtuiiooacnnn: pronunciations
eetioaasssnn: passionateness
erttiiiaalcc: practicalities
eeeiosssssvn: possessiveness
eeeriisssvnm: permissiveness
errioopsssfh: professorships
eeerttioscvn: protectiveness
eerruipadlcn: perpendiculars
erroaaaglllm: parallelograms
ertttiiooscn: protectionists
eertioahlccm: petrochemicals
eeruuopssfln: purposefulness
tyyoaasshlcn: psychoanalysts
yyioaasshlcn: psychoanalysis
eerttiiosfcn: perfectionists
eertuoocnnnm: pronouncements
eeertttioonm: potentiometers
eertioopccnn: preconceptions
rttiiioaasvn: privatisations
ertuioopaccn: preoccupations
eeruiiosscnn: perniciousness
eeeruiasssvn: persuasiveness
eeeertipscvn: perceptiveness
eeerrtiopsnm: peremptoriness
15
errttuiiiaalc: particularities
eryioaasdhlcc: polysaccharides
ertiiioopssdn: predispositions
rttiiiiooshbn: prohibitionists
eeertioasghnn: parthenogenesis
ertuiiooppssn: presuppositions
rtiooaasghlcm: pharmacologists
rtuiioopaasln: popularisations
ertuiaaahlccm: pharmaceuticals
erttyuuoaasln: polyunsaturates
rrrttiooaascn: procrastinators
tyuiiossghlcn: psycholinguists
qeeertuuisscn: picturesqueness
rttiiopashhln: philanthropists
eeerttuiossnn: pretentiousness
eeerriosssgvn: progressiveness
16
ettioooaasglln: palaeontologists
rrttiiooaascnn: procrastinations
rttiioooasgcnn: prognostications
eertuuuopsssnm: presumptuousness
eerrttiioassvn: preservationists
erttiiiiaalccb: practicabilities
erttyiopasshhc: psychotherapists
errtiiaaaalnnm: parliamentarians
ertiiiooasfcnn: personifications
eetiooosghlnnm: phenomenologists
erttyiiopasshh: physiotherapists
17
tyuiiiossghlccn: psycholinguistics

pp
3
a: pap
i: pip
e: pep
u: pup
o: pop
4
oo: poop
om: pomp
ol: plop
ee: peep
al: palp
um: pump
ul: pulp
im: pimp
ro: prop
er: prep
5
uop: popup
ulm: plump
yol: polyp
uin: pinup
6
uiad: paidup
eram: preamp
uikc: pickup
euil: pileup
7
tuahc: patchup
toalm: palmtop
riasn: parsnip
eruss: pressup
8
roohkc: porkchop
woashn: pawnshop
9
ryuoagl: playgroup
rrtooaa: paratroop
11
eerriishm: premiership
errtiashn: partnership
12
rtiiaasshn: partisanship
13
errioosssfh: professorship
14
errrtiioopsh: proprietorship

pv
6
oalv: pavlov

pw
3
a: paw
e: pew
4
ro: prow
eh: phew
5
paa: papaw
6
ioll: pillow
wpaa: pawpaw
7
eeriv: preview
eruiv: purview
10
eyoaflll: playfellow
11
ertiaalnn: parentinlaw
12
ertiaaslnn: parentsinlaw

pt
3
a: pat
i: pit
e: pet
u: put
o: pot
4
el: pelt
ac: pact
en: pent
tu: putt
ea: peat
eo: poet
an: pant
as: past
ol: plot
un: punt
ra: part, prat
in: pint
ro: port
os: post
uo: pout
es: pest
er: pert
5
aln: plant
ial: plait
ian: paint
iip: pipit
iov: pivot
ios: posit
rin: print
ion: point
iol: pilot
uol: poult
eti: petit
eal: pleat
6
eadn: pedant
eran: parent
eunn: punnet
ialn: plaint, pliant
eris: priest
eton: potent
erim: permit
tuup: putput
easl: palest
eopp: poppet
euan: peanut
rroa: parrot
eriv: privet
eers: preset
ruis: purist
ealn: planet
eall: pallet
eell: pellet
eelm: pelmet
ipas: papist
eikc: picket
eupp: puppet
uidn: pundit
riof: profit
ighl: plight
etan: patent
uipl: pulpit
eakc: packet
eokc: pocket
erus: purest
eigl: piglet
ropm: prompt
7
eerfc: perfect, prefect
eulmm: plummet
eoalc: polecat
eannn: pennant
eersn: present
erudn: prudent
eaasn: peasant
eroos: poorest
eroph: prophet
eriss: persist
aassn: passant
etian: patient
toosh: potshot
eaagn: pageant
riaaf: parfait
ruuis: pursuit
eerah: preheat
ruodc: product
iiasn: pianist
roosv: provost
eerrv: pervert
eugnn: pungent
erton: portent
erpaa: parapet
rruop: purport
eercn: percent
erojc: project
rtioa: patriot
eignm: pigment
ertos: protest
eadnn: pendant
eridc: predict
qerua: parquet
eertx: pretext
euisn: puniest
eervn: prevent
ertoc: protect
iaslm: palmist
eerpc: percept, precept
quian: piquant
eyanm: payment
8
rrtioa: portrait
eeraak: parakeet
uiopsl: populist
rioass: prosaist
eettis: pettiest
ioagnn: poignant
eropsc: prospect
etiosl: politest
rrtoac: protract
eiasln: plainest
eaasln: pleasant
iiasfc: pacifist
ruuasn: pursuant
eaashn: pheasant
rtuion: printout
eetall: platelet
yuassc: pussycat
qruaaa: paraquat
rioasd: parodist
epahlm: pamphlet
eaglnn: plangent
eeavnm: pavement
etualn: petulant
eragnn: pregnant
ericcn: precinct
riiohb: prohibit
uiisgl: pugilist
eruosd: proudest
ropass: passport
erruin: prurient
iasslm: psalmist
eahcnn: penchant
eeidnm: pediment
eerisk: perkiest
iiopnn: pinpoint
eetinn: penitent
yoogll: polyglot
uiassn: puissant
etiish: pithiest
9
eerisdn: president
eetisln: pestilent
eeiashc: peachiest
eriodvn: provident
eeuscbn: pubescent
erahcnm: parchment
werooab: powerboat
eiaslln: panellist
eealcnm: placement
euisklc: pluckiest
ruoaanm: paramount
tuoalln: pollutant
ruiasll: pluralist
eeerdcn: precedent
uiislcb: publicist
etiashc: patchiest
etiashn: pantheist
ertiasl: paltriest
ttooash: photostat
eeerslc: preselect
eertinn: pertinent
ettioac: petticoat
eroopnn: proponent
eerannm: permanent
eiisssm: pessimist
erionnm: prominent
eeralvn: prevalent
eerttis: prettiest
yiisshc: physicist
10
eeriipcn: percipient
eriaalnm: parliament
eerippnm: peppermint
eriiofcn: proficient
wryiaghl: playwright
eertuscn: putrescent
tiiiossv: positivist
riiaasgl: plagiarist
rtiaasgm: pragmatist
erttoasn: protestant
eeerrfnm: preferment
eerypanm: prepayment
eertissn: persistent
riaashcm: pharmacist
eiioslcm: polemicist
eiopkkcc: pickpocket
eropalln: propellant
erroasfm: permafrost
eipasslm: palimpsest
rtiopssc: postscript
euishnnm: punishment
eerupflc: pluperfect
eriisklc: prickliest
etyioshl: polytheist
eeulzznm: puzzlement
11
rrttiioas: portraitist
eertiosgl: poltergeist
tiiioslln: pointillist
etiioshcn: phoneticist
rtiipaacn: participant
errtioaal: proletariat
weeripagh: paperweight
eruoosdfn: profoundest
erioadnnm: predominant
eeriadcnm: predicament
riioaslbb: probabilist
ertiaasln: paternalist
rtiooasgn: protagonist
eerruocnm: procurement
iioosghll: philologist
eetaassln: pleasantest
rtuiaashc: parachutist
tiooasghl: pathologist
12
eetoopsnnm: postponement
eerropadnn: preponderant
eioopssghl: psephologist
yiioossghl: physiologist
riopaasdgn: propagandist
eeertisnnm: presentiment
rtyiiasshc: psychiatrist
yioossghlc: psychologist
eeerrttanm: pretreatment
13
yyoaasshlcn: psychoanalyst
eruiiossscn: percussionist
eeeroasdlcn: preadolescent
ertioossdnm: postmodernist
eertiiosfcn: perfectionist
erttiiooscn: protectionist
eeruoocnnnm: pronouncement
ertiioosjcn: projectionist
14
riooaasghlcm: pharmacologist
rtiiooaassgl: parasitologist
rtiiopashhln: philanthropist
eeroopsshhcn: phosphorescent
rtiiiiooshbn: prohibitionist
errtiiipsscv: prescriptivist
15
ertyiopasshhc: psychotherapist
etioooaasglln: palaeontologist
ertyiiopasshh: physiotherapist
16
ryioopaassghlc: parapsychologist

pu
11
erttoaanm: portmanteau
4
er: peru
7
etaal: plateau
eravn: parvenu

pz
6
iazz: pizazz

px
8
etuaal: plateaux
raaall: parallax
tioabn: paintbox
3
o: pox
5
ohl: phlox
6
erif: prefix
riol: prolix
7
eerps: perspex
ryahn: pharynx
iollb: pillbox
toosb: postbox
eerpl: perplex
eiohn: phoenix
aahln: phalanx
roaad: paradox

py
3
a: pay
r: pry
l: ply
4
on: pony
ol: ploy
ok: poky
in: piny
al: play
un: puny
ra: pray
ti: pity
os: posy
er: prey
5
ppa: pappy
alm: palmy
rta: party
tas: pasty
riv: privy
ygm: pygmy
ohn: phony
rra: parry
rox: proxy
rok: porky
tto: potty
ush: pushy
ric: pricy
odg: podgy
enn: penny
asn: pansy
igg: piggy
ukn: punky
add: paddy
tih: pithy
uss: pussy
esk: pesky
eak: peaky
opp: poppy
eac: pacey
uff: puffy
ttu: putty
ikn: pinky
asl: palsy
upl: pulpy
err: perry
ett: petty
eta: peaty
ulm: plumy
eti: piety
upp: puppy
erk: perky
6
ertl: pertly
erto: poetry
rtia: parity
eoan: paeony
eral: parley, pearly
iplm: pimply
erpa: papery
rtui: purity
iolc: policy
ertt: pretty
rilm: primly
yaad: payday
iafc: pacify
eahc: peachy
rtas: pastry
rrio: priory
elbb: pebbly
eric: pricey
rtol: portly
riac: piracy
ooln: polony
ulmm: plummy
uhcn: punchy
eopm: pompey
eall: palely
rtal: paltry, partly
rtan: pantry
erun: penury
ruif: purify
erul: purely
eohn: phoney
eruv: purvey
eull: pulley
etln: plenty
eooh: phooey
rool: poorly
tisg: pigsty
ushl: plushy
tion: pointy
riss: prissy
paac: papacy
uklc: plucky
tiol: polity
tahc: patchy
road: parody
7
erogn: progeny
riacm: primacy
iakcn: panicky
riodg: prodigy
riacv: privacy
erasl: parsley
erikl: perkily
opaln: panoply
eracc: peccary
yoalb: playboy
etolm: ptolemy
rtuol: poultry
ertuf: putrefy
errud: prudery
ertub: puberty
tiihl: pithily
eridf: perfidy
erigg: piggery
eraln: plenary
erruj: perjury
werod: powdery
ruodl: proudly
rtiob: probity
rrtoa: portray
ertif: petrify
uahcn: paunchy
uiosl: piously
roosd: prosody
etaln: penalty
etocn: potency
ertov: poverty
rriam: primary
tuiac: paucity
rioll: pillory
wtaah: pathway
eerpp: peppery
eoagb: pageboy
riklc: prickly
ialln: plainly
ertto: pottery
8
etioll: politely
ertasl: psaltery
roalvb: provably
erophc: prophecy
iosslb: possibly
rtoplm: promptly
tiialb: pitiably
errtop: property
rtioos: porosity
yyogln: polygyny
taashn: phantasy
erttif: prettify
ertadn: pedantry
ertupp: puppetry
eoogln: penology
rtioal: polarity
oasdlm: psalmody
aasslb: passably
tiahlc: patchily
ettoln: potently
uillcb: publicly
rryoph: porphyry
rrtiio: priority
ettaln: patently
eropsh: prophesy
eoodgl: pedology
raahcm: pharmacy
erilcn: princely
yoaglm: polygamy
eugcnn: pungency
erropl: properly
erttil: prettily
paallb: palpably
iadllc: placidly
eruisl: pleurisy
quiacn: piquancy
ertisl: priestly
eoadgg: pedagogy
roalbb: probably
ruaaag: paraguay
9
ruopall: popularly
rttuiid: putridity
rtiaall: partially
eeaalcb: peaceably
eeishlv: peevishly
ettishl: pettishly
erttios: posterity
ertaagn: pageantry
rioasnm: parsimony
rtioafn: profanity
etiodln: pointedly
ertiocc: precocity
tioopsm: pomposity
rtiioxm: proximity
uoopslm: pompously
ertoogl: petrology
ertialv: privately
ertudln: prudently
errtiop: propriety
tooophc: photocopy
eertsln: presently
ertuiil: puerility
uiasllb: plausibly
etuglnn: pungently
yuaflll: playfully
eriosfn: personify
yoophln: polyphony
etiahll: philately
eyoghln: phylogeny
rtuiall: plurality
eerislc: precisely
eruiacn: pecuniary
eruopsl: purposely
tuiilcb: publicity
oooghln: phonology
eruopcc: preoccupy
eerrufm: perfumery
uiaflln: painfully
iooghll: philology
eroafln: profanely
ertaaln: planetary
ioagcnn: poignancy
eertflc: perfectly
tooaghl: pathology
eiasslv: passively
rtiaslm: palmistry
etuiosl: piteously
eragcnn: pregnancy
ruoalnm: pulmonary
rrtuoag: purgatory
eerriph: periphery
eeislvn: pensively
ertaasn: peasantry
tyiigln: pityingly
tiiadlc: placidity
tiiassv: passivity
rtoaalc: placatory
tuiifll: pitifully
tuiagcn: pugnacity
errtoaf: prefatory
eruosfl: profusely
errtoad: predatory
ettialn: patiently
erttian: paternity
ryoadln: polyandry
rtioanm: patrimony
erasssb: passersby
rttuiia: pituitary
rriialm: primarily
10
eeerrslv: perversely
rtuiodfn: profundity
rrtooonm: promontory
rioadgll: prodigally
rtuiopal: popularity
yioosghl: physiology
eertiplx: perplexity
eerradbn: prebendary
eruaslbm: presumably
riisgghl: priggishly
erttoohm: photometry
yoosghlc: psychology
yiashllc: physically
eroaslln: personally
ertyahlc: phylactery
eerttuip: perpetuity
etuiilvn: punitively
erooghln: phrenology
uigllzzn: puzzlingly
eruioslv: previously
eerrtisv: perversity
tioaglnn: poignantly
ertiopsn: propensity
etiissll: pitilessly
ioopshhl: philosophy
eiasglln: pleasingly
rtuoalcc: plutocracy
eerraflb: preferably
eruioslc: preciously
eeracnnm: permanency
eruiallc: peculiarly
eettilnn: penitently
eerrtysb: presbytery
rrtiaahc: patriarchy
eruiosll: perilously
etaaslln: pleasantly
ruoodfln: profoundly
eerrtopm: peremptory
eiasslln: painlessly
rtyiashc: psychiatry
ttiiiosv: positivity
ertaasln: pleasantry
ettualln: petulantly
weaaassg: passageway
ertaalln: paternally
eiadglln: pleadingly
etiioslv: positively
errtiops: prosperity
ettuialv: putatively
rrioossm: promissory
etioallc: poetically
tuuallcn: punctually
eerisdcn: presidency
eriiglcn: piercingly
rttiiaal: partiality
eeuafllc: peacefully
errtiosh: prehistory
etoohlbm: phlebotomy
rioallxm: proximally
weruofll: powerfully
erissgln: pressingly
ttiiaslc: plasticity
rioafglc: profligacy
rtiiolcv: proclivity
rtioaflb: profitably
11
eeriallnn: perennially
eerrtualm: prematurely
qrtuiiopn: propinquity
tyiiashlc: physicality
rioaasllc: prosaically
ertiiilvm: primitively
ertuiipsc: perspicuity
eertupall: perpetually
rioogklvn: provokingly
erryuafll: prayerfully
ettioalln: potentially
errttuiam: prematurity
rtiioadgl: prodigality
errrtooac: procreatory
rtuiioscm: promiscuity
tiioalllc: politically
eertalnnm: permanently
eruoosdln: ponderously
riipallcn: principally
erttiiacn: pertinacity
ertiiiodc: periodicity
etiiallvn: plaintively
errtuofcn: perfunctory
eerossdfl: professedly
eerttilnn: pertinently
ertioasln: personality
ertiolnnm: prominently
yioosghnm: physiognomy
etiosslln: pointlessly
eruaasllb: pleasurably
errtuopdl: purportedly
erriialnm: preliminary
errrtopaa: preparatory
eriiofccn: proficiency
yiashllcc: psychically
rtiioalbb: probability
tiiiosslb: possibility
eertiplcb: perceptibly
errrtiopa: proprietary
etuifllln: plentifully
ertioalxm: proximately
ttuuialcn: punctuality
erooasghl: phraseology
eertallvn: prevalently
rttiioalb: portability
eetuoslln: plenteously
rtiaallcc: practically
rroopaghn: pornography
rtoopaghh: photography
ertiadlcb: predictably
tiaagllcn: placatingly
rtuoaacnm: paramountcy
rtiioallc: pictorially
eeerpdllx: perplexedly
ertuiialc: peculiarity
riiosglnm: promisingly
12
rrtuiaallc: particularly
uuioasglcn: pugnaciously
etiaadllcn: pedantically
eertupallc: perceptually
rtiioaahlc: parochiality
ertiipascc: perspicacity
erruioaslc: precariously
eertiojlcv: projectively
tuiiiasllb: plausibility
eruuopsfll: purposefully
eerttissln: persistently
ettiaahllc: pathetically
eeertiplcv: perceptively
eeruisslcv: percussively
werrtioash: praiseworthy
etioaassln: passionately
rooaaghlcm: pharmacology
eerrtioplm: peremptorily
rtiiipalcn: principality
ertttiiivm: permittivity
eioahllcnm: phonemically
erttuoosln: portentously
etttiioaln: potentiality
rtiooaasgl: parasitology
ertuiodlcv: productively
eerttiiann: penitentiary
rrtiiaaalm: paramilitary
erruoadllc: procedurally
ertioafgll: profligately
rtiopahhln: philanthropy
eerripahll: peripherally
ttiiaaallb: palatability
ruiioosdgl: prodigiously
riioaflllc: prolifically
tuuoosshlm: posthumously
eriioadllc: periodically
eruoodlcnn: pronouncedly
rttiiaalcc: practicality
eruiooslcc: precociously
errioallvb: proverbially
eertiialbm: permeability
rttuiiodcv: productivity
ertiioflcn: proficiently
eeoahllnnm: phenomenally
tiiooaslln: positionally
rrttiioopa: propitiatory
rrtiooaabn: probationary
eruiiosdfl: perfidiously
eertioajlv: pejoratively
eeiosssslv: possessively
eerttiolcv: protectively
eeruiasslv: persuasively
yiooalllnm: polynomially
erruoopssl: prosperously
etioahllcn: phonetically
13
rrttuiiaalc: particularity
rtiaaagllcm: pragmatically
tiiaasgklnn: painstakingly
erriiiallnm: preliminarily
eioaadggllc: pedagogically
tyioashllcc: psychotically
eerttiipalc: precipitately
eertiopslcv: prospectively
ertiopahllc: prophetically
rrttiiopaac: participatory
eerttiaglnn: penetratingly
ertyiopashh: physiotherapy
errtuioflcn: perfunctorily
rttiiioaflb: profitability
qeertuuislc: picturesquely
eeoooghlnnm: phenomenology
eettuiallnm: penultimately
rtiioasglnn: patronisingly
eerriossglv: progressively
ertiiiohlvb: prohibitively
eertuipslvm: presumptively
etoooaaglln: palaeontology
eruuiopsslc: perspicuously
ruuioosslcm: promiscuously
eeerrisglvn: perseveringly
eeruopsssll: purposelessly
ertyopashhc: psychotherapy
eerttuiosln: pretentiously
riiooasllvn: provisionally
errtiaaalnm: parliamentary
ertuiiopslc: precipitously
rtyiaaalllc: paralytically
tuuiiosllcn: punctiliously
ertioadlnnm: predominantly
ertiooalcvv: provocatively
rioaaadllxc: paradoxically
errtuioaacn: precautionary
14
eriooassflln: professionally
ertiiiisslbm: permissibility
ioooaghlllcn: phonologically
eerttiiiflcb: perfectibility
erttiooshhcm: photochemistry
erttiiiadlcb: predictability
ertiioadllvn: providentially
errtiaaallcm: parametrically
ryoopaasghlc: parapsychology
rrtiooopalln: proportionally
ertuiioaslcn: pertinaciously
tiooaaghlllc: pathologically
eerrtopadlnn: preponderantly
etiaaghlllcm: phlegmatically
eerrtiipslcv: prescriptively
eerrtuoopssl: preposterously
eerttiiiplcb: perceptibility
eeerrtiaflln: preferentially
ertuuuopsslm: presumptuously
rttiiiaalccb: practicability
15
eriooaghlllcn: phrenologically
etiooahhllccm: photochemically
eerttioopaslv: postoperatively
errrtiioopall: proprietorially
etiiiasssllcm: pessimistically
yiiooasghlllc: physiologically
eerttiaahllcn: parenthetically
eerruipadllcn: perpendicularly
errttiooopaln: proportionately
tyooopasghhlc: psychopathology
ertioaalllcbm: problematically
erttiooahllcm: photometrically
rrttiiooopaln: proportionality
eerttiiopalnn: plenipotentiary
yiooasghlllcc: psychologically
eerrrttuaalln: preternaturally
iioopashhlllc: philosophically
16
rtioopaaghhllc: photographically
17
rtiiioaaslllcbb: probabilistically
eerttiooahlllcc: photoelectrically
18
eeioooaghlllcnnm: phenomenologically
etttyiooashhllcn: photosynthetically

wz
5
tal: waltz
ihz: whizz

pb
3
u: pub
4
el: pleb
5
ulm: plumb
6
eraf: prefab
7
errtu: perturb
errov: proverb

pc
5
ian: panic
uib: pubic
6
etio: poetic
eilv: pelvic
uilb: public
yish: physic
eras: parsec
iohb: phobic
etip: peptic
iicn: picnic
7
riipa: priapic
yishc: psychic
tiiol: politic
iiafc: pacific
tiasl: plastic
rioas: prosaic
eiolm: polemic
ruiss: prussic
8
eiadnm: pandemic
eriiod: periodic
tioaln: platonic
uiopsm: popmusic
rioosd: prosodic
riiofl: prolific
eiohnm: phonemic
etiadn: pedantic
ettiah: pathetic
tuioln: plutonic
etiohn: phonetic
9
eryiolm: polymeric
etuianm: pneumatic
rioaalb: parabolic
rtiiaas: parasitic
tyioshc: psychotic
rtyiaal: paralytic
rioaanm: panoramic
rioaaan: paranoiac
tiiiasn: pianistic
rttioas: prostatic
rtiaagm: pragmatic
rtiiasm: prismatic
eriaadm: paramedic
ertioph: prophetic
eioadgg: pedagogic
rttiioa: patriotic
10
tioaklnn: planktonic
ertiiaad: paediatric
ettioann: pentatonic
yyiollcc: polycyclic
tiopashh: phosphatic
ertiaacn: pancreatic
rioopshh: phosphoric
errtiaam: parametric
etioaghn: pathogenic
etiaghlm: phlegmatic
ttyioohl: photolytic
etiiahll: philatelic
tyiooalm: polyatomic
erttiosh: prosthetic
tuiiisgl: pugilistic
ryioaanm: pyromaniac
eripaagl: paraplegic
yioophln: polyphonic
etiooghn: photogenic
11
eerttiahn: parenthetic
ettiiashn: pantheistic
etyiohlcn: polytechnic
riioadlnm: palindromic
etiiisssm: pessimistic
ertioalbm: problematic
errtiiosh: prehistoric
erttioohm: photometric
eerttiipa: peripatetic
rtyiiashc: psychiatric
ryioophlm: polymorphic
ertyiohcn: pyrotechnic
iioopshhl: philosophic
rtuiiasll: pluralistic
rrtyiioph: porphyritic
eeyisdhlc: psychedelic
12
rtiiopaghc: pictographic
rtioopaslm: protoplasmic
rtyiopahlc: prophylactic
errtiopagh: petrographic
rrioopaghn: pornographic
rioopaghhn: phonographic
yyioaslllb: polysyllabic
ertiaaagnm: paramagnetic
ttioooahlv: photovoltaic
riioahhlnm: philharmonic
eetyioghln: phylogenetic
errtiipash: periphrastic
rtioopaghh: photographic
rtiiaaadgm: paradigmatic
etiioaahll: palaeolithic
rrtioaagmm: programmatic
ettyiioshl: polytheistic
tyiopashhc: psychopathic
ertyioshcm: psychometric
13
eerttioohlc: photoelectric
eriopaaaghl: palaeographic
rtiiioaslbb: probabilistic
rtyiooahlcm: polychromatic
tyiooasshcm: psychosomatic
rtiiopahhln: philanthropic
etyiaasllbn: pentasyllabic
eeertiiolzc: piezoelectric
erttiiaasln: paternalistic
etyiioshkcn: psychokinetic
14
tyyioaashlcn: psychoanalytic
etttyiooshhn: photosynthetic
ertiiioohklm: poikilothermic
rtuiiiaasgln: paralinguistic
16
tyuiiiossghlcn: psycholinguistic

pa
2
: pa
3
e: pea
4
el: plea
is: pisa
up: pupa
um: puma
pa: papa
ic: pica
5
agn: panga
iod: podia
yhl: phyla
tas: pasta
rak: parka
upa: papua
alz: plaza
adn: panda
izz: pizza
eti: pieta
okl: polka
6
iazz: piazza
oadg: pagoda
eets: peseta
aslm: plasma
aajm: pajama
erul: pleura
eris: persia
tian: patina
aanm: panama
ypaa: papaya
erto: protea
eall: paella
iohb: phobia
yajm: pyjama
7
erogl: pergola
roadn: pandora
ipall: papilla
eaacn: panacea
ioaln: pianola
etuin: petunia
erosn: persona
ruiss: prussia
ripak: paprika
etall: patella
riahn: piranha
8
errtio: pretoria
rioaan: paranoia
rtoooz: protozoa
rroofm: proforma
erubnm: penumbra
etalcn: placenta
roaanm: panorama
eriizz: pizzeria
roaalb: parabola
ertohl: plethora
9
euionnm: pneumonia
eryodhl: polyhedra
eeohnnm: phenomena
euislnn: peninsula
10
ropaadgn: propaganda
rtyaahcn: pyracantha
11
eerrtiosk: perestroika
eiiopadhl: paedophilia
eeyisdhlc: psychedelia
13
erripaaahln: paraphernalia

pf
9
tiiafln: plaintiff
etiasfk: pikestaff
4
oo: poof
uf: puff
5
roo: proof
7
tiofn: pontiff

pg
3
i: pig
u: pug
e: peg
4
ul: plug
in: ping
ri: prig
an: pang
5
ran: prang
ron: prong
6
uiln: puling
eikn: peking
iavn: paving
iiln: piling
wian: pawing
ryin: prying
iosn: posing
ialn: paling
iacn: pacing
iokn: poking
iagn: paging
yiln: plying
iinn: pining
iipn: piping
uikn: puking
rion: poring
rian: paring
yian: paying
7
iiknn: pinking
eeikn: peeking
tiosn: posting
eiggn: pegging
ttuin: putting
uiddn: pudding
ioppn: popping
ryian: praying
iippn: pipping
iakcn: packing
ttiin: pitting
uisln: pulsing
riakn: parking
tiann: panting
erikn: perking
tyiin: pitying
eiicn: piecing
riinm: priming
yialn: playing
ialnm: palming
tuinn: punting
ialcn: placing
iaddn: padding
ruion: pouring
uipnm: pumping
iiann: paining
riovn: proving
eerin: peering
iohnn: phoning
ruisn: pursing
eikcn: pecking
uinnn: punning
uilnm: pluming
ttion: potting
eeiln: peeling
riian: pairing
eiakn: peaking
iolln: polling
iooln: pooling
iannn: panning
eryin: preying
iiosn: poising
uiasn: pausing
riisn: prising
ruinn: pruning
wiann: pawning
rooln: prolong
rruin: purring
rtian: parting
riicn: pricing
eeipn: peeping
uiffn: puffing
ettin: petting
iinnn: pinning
eidnn: pending
iipnm: pimping
ttian: patting
riasn: parsing
einnn: penning
tuion: pouting
riizn: prizing
ruign: purging
uipln: pulping
iassn: passing
tialn: plating
etiln: pelting
rtion: porting
ruiln: purling
tiasn: pasting
ialnn: planing
eialn: pealing
uilln: pulling
iashn: phasing
iikcn: picking
erinm: perming
uishn: pushing
toasb: postbag
riobn: probing
8
riiasn: praising
uiodnn: pounding
tiialn: plaiting
riacnn: prancing
ialnnn: planning
iaddln: paddling
ioddln: plodding
eiddln: peddling
tiiosn: positing
tiahcn: patching
ioppln: plopping
riaadn: parading
riikcn: pricking
rioofn: proofing
iaklnn: planking
eiasln: pleasing
tiihcn: pitching
wrioln: prowling
uihcnn: punching
ruuisn: pursuing
eriicn: piercing
tialnn: planting
uiocnn: pouncing
tiiann: painting
rioddn: prodding
ioahcn: poaching
werion: powering
uilbnm: plumbing
eiadln: pleading
rtiinn: printing
riashn: phrasing
ttioln: plotting
rryian: parrying
eertin: petering
tiioln: piloting
uiplnm: plumping
eidgln: pledging
eerinn: preening
uiggln: plugging
eripan: papering
erihcn: perching
uiagln: plaguing
tiiovn: pivoting
iopgnn: pingpong
iiklcn: pickling
erissn: pressing
rioppn: propping
iihcnn: pinching
iiolcn: policing
rtiian: pirating
tuipan: pupating
eruisn: perusing
tiionn: pointing
uilzzn: puzzling
uiklcn: plucking
uiglnn: plunging
9
rruiocn: procuring
riiofln: profiling
rtiiofn: profiting
iiakcnn: panicking
eriifxn: prefixing
eriisdn: presiding
eriishn: perishing
ertiann: parenting
rtuiicn: picturing
eriadvn: pervading
tyiahln: plaything
uioghln: ploughing
eerippn: peppering
rioopsn: proposing
eiadlln: pedalling
etiokcn: pocketing
rrtioan: parroting
rtiopnm: prompting
rtuiasn: pasturing
riookvn: provoking
ryuiifn: purifying
eriahcn: preaching
rtioonm: promoting
uiishnn: punishing
eruisnm: presuming
eeridcn: preceding
eriisnm: premising
eriafcn: prefacing
ertiadn: predating
ryioadn: parodying
iiaglln: pillaging
tuiasln: pulsating
rtiaakn: partaking
erttion: pottering
eruifnm: perfuming
eiallnn: panelling
riiodvn: providing
eryuivn: purveying
ettiann: patenting
rioadnn: pardoning
etiikcn: picketing
eripanm: pampering
eriodnn: pondering
tiaalcn: placating
eertisn: pestering
eriifln: pilfering
weriodn: powdering
ertuinm: permuting
tuiolln: polluting
rtuiosn: posturing
ruiopsn: purposing
yiiafcn: pacifying
iioshln: polishing
iaagkcn: packaging
iioosnn: poisoning
rttialn: prattling
riiklcn: prickling
eryialn: parleying
erttian: pattering
eriadnn: pandering
ruiodcn: producing
erripan: preparing
riiosnm: promising
10
rtuuicnn: puncturing
ioadklcn: padlocking
eeriodcn: proceeding
eruiasdn: persuading
ertiiann: pertaining
eeriicvn: perceiving
ryiaasln: paralysing
iiikccnn: picnicking
eertivnn: preventing
eiossssn: possessing
eerttisn: presetting
rtioalln: patrolling
eriosscn: processing
eiiosnnn: pensioning
rrtuiodn: protruding
ertiodnn: portending
ertyuifn: putrefying
rtiiascn: practising
ertiidcn: predicting
erttiosn: protesting
eerrisvn: preserving
ertiojcn: projecting
eeriionn: pioneering
ruiashcn: purchasing
eriialvn: prevailing
eertifcn: perfecting
erioplln: propelling
eerisscn: precessing
tuiopaln: populating
eruisscn: percussing
riioasln: polarising
erriofnm: performing
eruidlcn: precluding
erriipsn: perspiring
errtiann: partnering
eruidgjn: prejudging
weeriivn: previewing
tiiaagnn: paginating
rrtyioan: portraying
eriossfn: professing
eerrtivn: perverting
eertiahn: preheating
erruissn: pressuring
eruidlnn: plundering
eerrrifn: preferring
etuilnmm: plummeting
eeriplxn: perplexing
tioopsnn: postponing
euillnmm: pummelling
eertisnn: presenting
errioffn: proffering
erttiann: patterning
erttiocn: protecting
erttiinm: permitting
errtuibn: perturbing
riooglnn: prolonging
eiiaslnn: penalising
ertyiifn: petrifying
ertiissn: persisting
rrtuiopn: purporting
eiillcnn: pencilling
eertidnn: pretending
eriallcn: parcelling
ertiasln: plastering
eertianm: permeating
erriopsn: prospering
uiishlbn: publishing
11
eriiiglvn: privileging
rttyioopn: prototyping
eerttiann: penetrating
rtuiaahcn: parachuting
uiiislcbn: publicising
riioalcnm: proclaiming
ruiiaslln: pluralising
ttiipaaln: palpitating
tiioallnn: pollinating
ttuuiacnn: punctuating
eruiislvn: pulverising
erriossgn: progressing
ertiopscn: prospecting
ttuioasln: postulating
ruioopdnn: propounding
riiaadgln: paragliding
erriiscbn: prescribing
ertioalcn: percolating
ruioocnnn: pronouncing
eriaallln: paralleling
tiiiopnnn: pinpointing
erttuiion: pirouetting
ertuioscn: prosecuting
rtiiaknnm: printmaking
eruiidjcn: prejudicing
eeriidfnn: predefining
errtioacn: procreating
rrttioasn: prostrating
rtiiiasvn: privatising
eryiopshn: prophesying
rrioagnmm: programming
eertuiscn: persecuting
tiiioosnn: positioning
rtiioasnn: patronising
rtiiiohbn: prohibiting
tiiioklcn: politicking
ertiiadcn: predicating
eeerrisvn: persevering
eeiaakcnm: peacemaking
ettiiionn: petitioning
tiiaasknn: painstaking
rtiopaagn: propagating
12
eryuiopccn: preoccupying
erruiisssn: pressurising
eryiiosfnn: personifying
eeeeipakcn: peacekeeping
rrtiiiiosn: prioritising
rttiiioann: partitioning
rtttuiiosn: prostituting
rripaaaghn: paragraphing
etuioallvn: polevaulting
tiiiioslcn: politicising
tyiooophcn: photocopying
rttiiiopan: propitiating
tyuioossfn: pussyfooting
ruiiopasln: popularising
ettiiofggn: pettifogging
riiiaasgln: plagiarising
werrioashn: powersharing
eerttuipan: perpetuating
eerrtiiofn: profiteering
eruioppssn: presupposing
eerrttipan: perpetrating
rtuioaglnm: promulgating
erriooadfn: proofreading
rttiioafkn: profittaking
riiioosvnn: provisioning
eriiopssdn: predisposing
rripaaashn: paraphrasing
13
errtiioafln: proliferating
rttiiipaacn: participating
ertyiiossln: proselytising
erttiiipacn: precipitating
ertiioadnnm: predominating
eyiiphcnnnn: pennypinching
etiiopkkccn: pickpocketing
ttiiioafcnn: pontificating
eriioasslnn: personalising
rtioopaghhn: photographing
errtiiaacvn: prevaricating
ertuiaalbnm: perambulating
14
iiioopsshhln: philosophising
rtiiiooopsnn: propositioning
15
rrttiioaascnn: procrastinating
eerruioosskcn: pressurecooking
16
eettttyioopshn: phototypesetting
17
ettyiioossshhnn: photosynthesising

pd
3
a: pad
o: pod
4
ia: paid
on: pond
ol: plod
ei: pied
ro: prod
5
eya: payed
eip: piped
wea: pawed
ero: pored
eal: paled, plead
ean: paned
eok: poked
eac: paced
ial: plaid
eag: paged
eol: poled
eos: posed
uon: pound
era: pared
eri: pried
ruo: proud
ein: pined
eil: piled, plied
eav: paved
6
ialc: placid
etti: pitted
etto: potted
etii: pitied
eyal: played
eris: prised
euff: puffed
eadd: padded
erta: parted, petard
erak: parked
iall: pallid
eulm: plumed
erio: period
oaln: poland
erim: primed
rtui: putrid
eras: parsed
etuo: pouted
eupl: pulped
eriz: prized
erid: prided
eush: pushed
eric: priced
einn: pinned
eria: paired
erov: proved
eopp: popped
eann: panned
etas: pasted
eerk: perked
eoll: polled
eerm: permed
erya: prayed
erru: purred
erus: pursed
ealc: placed
ettu: putted
ealn: planed
eery: preyed
euas: paused
ealm: palmed
eass: passed
etta: patted
erob: probed
eios: poised
eikn: pinked
eeic: pieced
eeep: peeped
etun: punted
eeer: peered
eegg: pegged
wean: pawned
eenn: penned
eikc: picked
eruo: poured
eett: petted
etos: posted
etal: plated
eeak: peaked
eusl: pulsed
eeal: pealed
eetl: pelted
eupm: pumped
eeel: peeled
eall: palled
eeek: peeked
eunn: punned
eakc: packed
eool: pooled
eokc: pocked
etan: panted
qeui: piqued
eash: phased
eohn: phoned
eipp: pipped
eian: pained
eodd: podded
erun: pruned
erug: purged
eekc: pecked
eull: pulled
erto: ported
7
eeopl: peopled
eeasl: pleased
eulzz: puzzled
eoahc: poached
eoppl: plopped
eihcn: pinched
eropp: propped
eertn: pretend
eerss: pressed
eeert: petered
euagl: plagued
euhcn: punched
erton: portend
yoaal: payload
eiahn: pinhead
erash: phrased
erodd: prodded
eeric: pierced
eeadl: pleaded
etios: posited
eerus: perused
etiov: pivoted
eeroc: proceed
eraad: paraded
euocn: pounced
eedgl: pledged
eugln: plunged
etian: painted
eoddl: plodded
etial: plaited
wyool: plywood
eetal: pleated
eiplm: pimpled
eiolc: policed
etaln: planted
etiol: piloted
weero: powered
etion: pointed
werol: prowled
eaddl: paddled
etiah: pithead
raalc: placard
eeern: preened
etahc: patched
eruus: pursued
erahc: parched
eerpa: papered
eerbn: prebend
eiasl: palsied
eulbm: plumbed
eroof: proofed
ryiam: pyramid
ealnn: planned
eerhc: perched
eeyop: popeyed
ertia: pirated
etihc: pitched
erias: praised
ettol: plotted
euplm: plumped
ertin: printed
euklc: plucked
etupa: pupated
eracn: pranced
eiklc: pickled
erria: parried
eeddl: peddled
eialb: piebald
iaslm: plasmid
eripa: prepaid
eelbb: pebbled
euggl: plugged
euodn: pounded
erikc: pricked
8
eerusf: perfused
ertuos: postured
rioaan: paranoid
etuoll: polluted
euoghl: ploughed
erttal: prattled
eerusm: presumed
etialn: pantiled
eaagkc: packaged
eetokc: pocketed
eerrpa: prepared
ertuic: pictured
weroal: poleward
eettan: patented
etuasl: pulsated
etaalc: placated
eertum: permuted
ruoofn: profound
ertoom: promoted
eroops: proposed
etpaal: palpated
eioshl: polished
eiiafc: pacified
eiagll: pillaged
eerruj: perjured
ertuas: pastured
eruiif: purified
eriall: pillared
rtoasc: postcard
eerufm: perfumed
eealln: panelled
eiakcn: panicked
erioad: parodied
eiionn: pinioned
eericn: pincered
eaakcn: pancaked
ruilbn: purblind
ruoopn: propound
wroass: password
eriodv: provided
eeerts: pestered
eertto: pottered
erruoc: procured
eerodn: pondered
eerifl: pilfered
weerod: powdered
eertta: pattered
ertopm: prompted
eriosm: promised
eeradv: pervaded
euishn: punished
eruodc: produced
eioosn: poisoned
weioll: pillowed
ertiof: profited
eerpam: pampered
eeerpp: peppered
eeadll: pedalled
erookv: provoked
eriofl: profiled
eeerdc: preceded
raakln: parkland
eroafn: profaned
eeryuv: purveyed
riahlc: pilchard
eetikc: picketed
eerahc: preached
eertad: predated
eerish: perished
eruops: purposed
eerisd: presided
eerifx: prefixed
eerism: premised
eriklc: prickled
eertan: parented
etaaln: peatland
eerafc: prefaced
eroadn: pardoned
9
eerrtan: partnered
eerudgj: prejudged
eerookc: precooked
eeerodc: proceeded
eerallc: parcelled
eeruasd: persuaded
eeerrsv: preserved
eerossf: professed
euishlb: published
eryaasl: paralysed
eeropll: propelled
eropasl: prolapsed
eroadll: pollarded
eeiasln: penalised
eeertdn: pretended
eerussc: percussed
eruashc: purchased
eertojc: projected
eertodn: portended
errtyoa: portrayed
eeertsn: presented
eertiif: petrified
etiiagl: pigtailed
ertuucn: punctured
eeossss: possessed
eerialv: prevailed
eetignm: pigmented
eeullmm: pummelled
eerrops: prospered
eerudln: plundered
etoopsn: postponed
eetulmm: plummeted
etuopal: populated
eertian: pertained
eeillcn: pencilled
etiiszn: pintsized
eerudlc: precluded
eerrtub: perturbed
eerossc: processed
eeerion: pioneered
eiikccn: picnicked
eertidc: predicted
eertasl: plastered
eerroff: proffered
eerttan: patterned
erioasl: polarised
eeiosnn: pensioned
ettoasd: postdated
ertiasc: practised
euoopsd: pseudopod
eerruss: pressured
eeertfc: perfected
yuoopph: puppyhood
errooaf: proofread
errtuod: protruded
eriioll: pilloried
eeerrim: premiered
eerttim: permitted
eoadklc: padlocked
eeertam: permeated
eerrofm: performed
eeerplx: perplexed
eialcnn: pinnacled
eerttoc: protected
errtuop: purported
eerttos: protested
eroogln: prolonged
eeerrrf: preferred
etiaagn: paginated
eeerssc: precessed
ertoall: patrolled
ruahccn: punchcard
weeeriv: previewed
eeericv: perceived
eruioln: purloined
eertiss: persisted
eeertvn: prevented
eeerrtv: perverted
10
eerttuio: pirouetted
eerrossg: progressed
ertioasn: patronised
erroagmm: programmed
errttoac: protracted
ertiiasv: privatised
eeruislv: pulverised
eeerrtta: pretreated
etiaassv: passivated
eroakkcm: pockmarked
eerriscb: prescribed
ertiiohb: prohibited
eeeridfn: predefined
eerpalnn: preplanned
ertuaahc: parachuted
eeraalll: paralleled
eruiasll: pluralised
eeetidnm: pedimented
errioscb: proscribed
etiioosn: positioned
eerrtiop: propertied
ertopaag: propagated
eeertusc: persecuted
ettuuacn: punctuated
ettipaal: palpitated
ettuoasl: postulated
eeroafkc: pokerfaced
eeroadnm: promenaded
eertiadc: predicated
eruoopdn: propounded
eettiion: petitioned
eerruifg: prefigured
eertoalc: percolated
eeeerrsv: persevered
ertiipsn: pinstriped
erttyoop: prototyped
etioalln: pollinated
ertooahn: parenthood
eerrtoac: procreated
ertoaskm: postmarked
eerrtoaf: perforated
eeerttan: penetrated
ertioosh: priesthood
eeriopsh: prophesied
eetiollb: potbellied
erioalcm: proclaimed
euiislcb: publicised
etiiopnn: pinpointed
ryuoagln: playground
eertuosc: prosecuted
eriiplcn: principled
eeruidjc: prejudiced
eruoocnn: pronounced
riooaalb: paraboloid
ertoaasb: pasteboard
errttoas: prostrated
eeriiglv: privileged
11
eeruiopcc: preoccupied
errtiiios: prioritised
eruiopasl: popularised
eriiaasgl: plagiarised
eeerradlc: predeclared
eeruoppss: presupposed
rruioaalm: parlourmaid
eerrioadn: preordained
eeryioslm: polymerised
ertttuios: prostituted
etiiioslc: politicised
etiiasslc: plasticised
eeriopssd: predisposed
eertuopcm: precomputed
ertiiaass: parasitised
ertuaasln: pastureland
eertuiass: pasteurised
erttiioan: partitioned
eerrraagn: prearranged
eriioosvn: provisioned
errpaaash: paraphrased
eeeerasdc: predeceased
ertuoaglm: promulgated
eeerttupa: perpetuated
eeerrttpa: perpetrated
eeeertslc: preselected
eeriiosfn: personified
eerruisss: pressurised
etiooophc: photocopied
eeertisdn: predestined
erttiiopa: propitiated
12
eerrtioafl: proliferated
eeerioccvn: preconceived
erttiipaac: participated
errtoaaslb: plasterboard
eertuaalbm: perambulated
ertoopaghh: photographed
errtiioops: poorspirited
eerrtiaacv: prevaricated
eeerttiadm: premeditated
eertioadnm: predominated
eerioassln: personalised
ettiioafcn: pontificated
eerrtiaasm: parametrised
eerttiipac: precipitated
errtiooopn: proportioned
13
eeertiasshn: parenthesised
ertiiooopsn: propositioned
eeeerrtidnm: predetermined
eerrtiaafcb: prefabricated
14
errtuiiaaslc: particularised
eeertiiassdn: pedestrianised
eeerippaalll: parallelepiped
15
erttyuuoaasln: polyunsaturated
16
eeriiooasssfln: professionalised

pe
3
i: pie
r: pre
4
el: pele
ac: pace
ol: pole
ok: poke
ro: pore
ag: page
ru: pure
il: pile
ip: pipe
in: pine
al: pale
an: pane
ik: pike
ra: pare
uk: puke
av: pave
op: pope
os: pose
ry: pyre
ta: pate
5
aln: plane
rad: padre
riz: prize
ron: prone
tas: paste
uas: pause
alc: place
rim: prime
ras: parse
tal: plate
rid: pride
ros: prose
ric: price
rov: prove
eya: payee
ocn: ponce
usl: pulse
oss: posse
ohn: phone
ass: passe
rug: purge
run: prune
ecn: pence
eac: peace
ios: poise
iix: pixie
rud: prude
ris: prise
rob: probe
qui: pique
rus: purse
ash: phase
eru: puree
upa: pupae
eic: piece
ulm: plume
6
ialc: plaice
etti: petite
racn: prance
rupl: purple
rtia: pirate
oadm: pomade
ulzz: puzzle
iplm: pimple
eiln: penile
oodl: poodle
iolc: police
eric: pierce
easl: please
elbb: pebble
taal: palate
upal: papule
rash: phrase
ricn: prince
uocn: pounce
eopl: people
addl: paddle
iikn: pinkie
ruus: pursue
uoff: pouffe
yshc: psyche
etsl: pestle
erus: peruse
rias: praise
eruv: prevue
uddl: puddle
aalc: palace
ruag: prague
ugln: plunge
qual: plaque
eddl: peddle
raad: parade
rtyi: pyrite
iklc: pickle
roal: parole
tiol: polite
edgl: pledge
iffl: piffle
uicm: pumice
uagl: plague
7
roops: propose
toalb: potable
riodv: provide
eerdc: precede
rttal: prattle
erusm: presume
eannm: penname
errpa: prepare
ruops: purpose
ettal: palette
eisvn: pensive
erism: premise
rriia: prairie
tuoll: pollute
riofl: profile
eruil: puerile
erruj: perjure
rookv: provoke
iakxc: pickaxe
eerig: perigee
aassg: passage
erufm: perfume
etipd: peptide
raalb: parable
iagll: pillage
rtoab: probate
erudl: prelude
toasg: postage
rtuos: posture
riklc: prickle
toohl: pothole
rtoom: promote
erisd: preside
rtiav: private
ertum: permute
erisc: precise
rtuas: pasture
rruoc: procure
ruosf: profuse
tpaal: palpate
ruodc: produce
aakcn: pancake
rtiam: primate
rialn: praline
roafn: profane
rtoag: portage
eerag: peerage
ttoag: pottage
aahcn: panache
ertog: protege
etios: poetise
riocn: porcine
rtuic: picture
iallb: pliable
uaglm: plumage
iohln: pinhole
tuasl: pulsate
eradv: pervade
tuusl: pustule
ropan: propane
ettip: pipette
tialn: pantile
eohnm: phoneme
riosm: promise
taalc: placate
ertad: predate
ioslv: plosive
ertal: prelate
rtaak: partake
tiasm: pastime
eacnn: penance
yaalb: payable
erafc: preface
aagkc: package
iassv: passive
8
erruss: pressure
rttoas: prostate
tiiosv: positive
eryoxn: pyroxene
eroasn: personae
roalvb: provable
erudlc: preclude
rtoalb: portable
uopalc: populace
eeophl: peephole
rrtuod: protrude
ruoalb: pourable
ertulm: plumtree
ioosdl: poolside
erudgj: prejudge
ruoogl: prologue
raalcn: parlance
tuopal: populate
errofc: perforce
riocvn: province
rtuucn: puncture
tuiolc: poultice
eettan: patentee
eiasln: penalise
tiaaln: palatine
toosdc: postcode
yopahn: payphone
qyuish: physique
eralbm: preamble
rtoohl: porthole
rioasl: polarise
tiasll: pastille
eruasd: persuade
eruasl: pleasure
eertog: protegee
paallb: palpable
tuiivn: punitive
ertisg: prestige
rtiaas: parasite
rioops: porpoise
iosslb: possible
tiialb: pitiable
tyaalm: playmate
rriosm: primrose
rtiasc: practise
toopsn: postpone
tyialm: playtime
uashlb: pushable
rtialc: particle
ryaasl: paralyse
etiacn: patience
aaklcb: packable
eerrsv: perverse, preserve
erudcn: prudence
tiaagn: paginate
ialcnn: pinnacle
ttuiav: putative
errips: perspire
eiipln: pipeline
ertoas: protease
uoadgn: poundage
rtiacc: practice
eertam: permeate
yaallb: playable
ttuacn: punctate
eifknn: penknife
uoghll: plughole
rriodg: porridge
ropasl: prolapse
eericv: perceive
aasslb: passable
tuosdl: postlude
rioafn: pinafore
wriias: pairwise
eeridg: pedigree
eerrim: premiere
eaaflc: paleface
roalbb: probable
ryyosl: pyrolyse
rtiisn: pristine
ttiacn: pittance
ruashc: purchase
rttiam: parttime
riaasd: paradise
erocvn: provence
eriodx: peroxide
iaasdl: palisade
eertcn: pretence
ryiidn: pyridine
eerscn: presence
tiashc: pastiche
9
uahlcbn: punchable
eerrtti: preterite
rtuiagv: purgative
eruislv: pulverise
erahccn: perchance
ruoocnn: pronounce
euoadgg: pedagogue
ertiimm: primetime
etualcn: petulance
ertiadc: predicate
topashh: phosphate
rtioacv: proactive
eryopln: propylene
erttuio: pirouette
rtialbn: printable
errtuam: premature
riiplcn: principle
ttuiadl: platitude
taahlcb: patchable
weeiisc: piecewise
rtiiivm: primitive
ertuosc: prosecute
etuoshn: penthouse
erruicn: prurience
eroasgn: personage
etiidhn: pethidine
etttoan: potentate
rtioasn: patronise
eriasvv: pervasive
eeralbm: permeable
eeaalcb: peaceable
rrtiadg: partridge
taaallb: palatable
eroadnm: promenade
ttuuacn: punctuate
eeerrsv: persevere
eerrign: peregrine
eeticnn: penitence
eriipcc: precipice
eerttan: penetrate
tioalln: pollinate
rtuaahc: parachute
eroohnm: pheromone
uiislcb: publicise
ttuoasl: postulate
errtoaf: perforate
errtoag: porterage
etyohln: polythene
errtoac: procreate
eruidjc: prejudice
rtopaag: propagate
rtioavb: probative
rtiiasv: privatise
etiisdc: pesticide
rroagmm: programme
rtiipsn: pinstripe
iooasln: polonaise
ruiasll: pluralise
eeridfn: predefine
etyophn: phenotype
rtioaxm: proximate
ruuascn: pursuance
ttipaal: palpitate
rrttoas: prostrate
etuidln: plenitude
eetiacm: peacetime
ertaagn: parentage
roaasgn: parsonage
uiasllb: plausible
eippaln: pineapple
etiossl: politesse
rrioscb: proscribe
eertusc: persecute
yuoashl: playhouse
etaalcn: placentae
rtoaagn: patronage
uihlcnn: punchline
eriopsc: periscope
rttyoop: prototype
eriiglv: privilege
ruiopcn: porcupine
roashkc: packhorse
tiialvn: plaintive
tioanmm: pantomime
erriscb: prescribe
erruodc: procedure
uipagll: pupillage
ertoalc: percolate
ruiopsv: purposive
10
ruiodlcb: producible
rtooalbm: promotable
eertilcn: percentile
rrpaaash: paraphrase
eerraflb: preferable
uiashlbn: punishable
ertiiass: patisserie
eruaslbm: presumable
eryoaslm: polymerase
riiaasgl: plagiarise
rtiipalc: participle
eeerrfcn: preference
rtioaflb: profitable
eerttupa: perpetuate
tiiishln: philistine
eertagcn: percentage
eruiassv: persuasive
rtiooafn: pianoforte
eertivvn: preventive
roaadlbn: pardonable
eiopadhl: paedophile
eriocnnm: prominence
erttiocv: protective
weruoosh: powerhouse
erioasdx: peroxidase
rtioopan: propionate
eerishln: prehensile
eeracnnm: permanence
eruisscv: percussive
ruiopasl: popularise
eiossssv: possessive
eroacvnn: provenance
eertalbn: penetrable
eerrtufc: prefecture
eetislcn: pestilence
eeralcvn: prevalence
qeruiasc: picaresque
eryuacvn: purveyance
rtuiodcv: productive
eerticnn: pertinence
qertuiis: perquisite
rtttuios: prostitute
eeerdccn: precedence
wioasllc: pillowcase
tiiaallv: palliative
ryoohlcm: polychrome
ertiojcv: projective
eriopssd: predispose
erruisss: pressurise
eriodcvn: providence
eruoppss: presuppose
ruiopslv: propulsive
eerrttpa: perpetrate
ertiojlc: projectile
tiiioslc: politicise
rioadlvb: providable
rrtiiios: prioritise
ttiaaaln: palatinate
eertipcv: perceptive
ettaalbn: patentable
rruoalcb: procurable
rioadlnm: palindrome
rttiiopa: propitiate
ertiidcv: predictive
etiislcb: plebiscite
tioaassn: passionate
ertioajv: pejorative
rtioafgl: profligate
eriissvm: permissive
rtuoaglm: promulgate
eriashlb: perishable
rrtuiosv: protrusive
eroaslbn: personable
riiagglm: pilgrimage
11
rttiipaac: participate
rrrttuioa: portraiture
rtiiiohvb: prohibitive
errtioafl: proliferate
eriisslbm: permissible
eertisscn: persistence
qertuuisc: picturesque
eertalvbn: preventable
ertyyosln: polystyrene
ruoasghhl: ploughshare
rtuuidhlc: pulchritude
rtiooacvv: provocative
ertoaagnm: pomegranate
ttiioafcn: pontificate
ertyiossl: proselytise
eertipscv: perspective
erriossgv: progressive
ertiopscv: prospective
errtiaasm: parametrise
rttuiaalc: particulate
etyioppdl: polypeptide
topaasshh: phosphatase
rttuiopdm: promptitude
eioaslbnn: pensionable
eertaslbn: presentable
erttiipac: precipitate
errtioacv: procreative
ertuaalbm: perambulate
erroaflbm: performable
eruaasllb: pleasurable
ertoaallc: preallocate
uiashllbb: publishable
ertioadnm: predominate
eerttiavn: penetrative
errtioagv: prerogative
eertiplcb: perceptible
errtiaacv: prevaricate
ertuipsvm: presumptive
erroafcnm: performance
rtiaalccb: practicable
eroasslcb: processable
ertiiadcv: predicative
eerttiadm: premeditate
ertoopshh: photosphere
errtipaav: preparative
ertiadlcb: predictable
eetttahln: pentathlete
erioassln: personalise
eerialcvb: perceivable
ruaashlcb: purchasable
ettuialnm: penultimate
errtoahlc: perchlorate
12
ertyuoahln: polyurethane
ertaaagnnm: permanganate
errtiipscv: prescriptive
ertuoaslcb: prosecutable
errtuioash: preauthorise
tiiooaslbn: positionable
yyoasllllb: polysyllable
eerrtiasvv: preservative
rttuoaasdg: postgraduate
eeerrtidnm: predetermine
iioopsshhl: philosophise
rroaaglbmm: programmable
eerrtoosgn: progesterone
eertiasshn: parenthesise
erioadcnnm: predominance
rrtiiopscv: proscriptive
eeerrascvn: perseverance
errtuoacbn: protuberance
errtttooac: protectorate
eetyyohlln: polyethylene
13
yyoaasshlcn: psychoanalyse
eruooalcbnn: pronounceable
eerrtiiopav: perioperative
rttiooasgcn: prognosticate
eyiaahllnnn: phenylalanine
erttioopasv: postoperative
errtiioaflv: proliferative
rtyooaalcbn: polycarbonate
rrtuiiaaslc: particularise
rrttiooopan: proportionate
rrttioaascn: procrastinate
eerropadcnn: preponderance
rttiiipaacv: participative
eryyoopplln: polypropylene
errtuiiognm: primogeniture
14
ettiioosshvn: photosensitive
errtiiooppcv: proprioceptive
ryioaasdhlcc: polysaccharide
15
eeroopsshhccn: phosphorescence
rtyyioaslllcn: polycrystalline

pk
4
ac: pack
ee: peek
oc: pock
ea: peak
ec: peck
un: punk
ra: park
in: pink
ic: pick
ro: pork
er: perk
5
aln: plank
ulc: pluck
ran: prank
ric: prick
7
rtooa: partook
oaddc: paddock
oadlc: padlock
eoacc: peacock
yaacb: payback
8
weriop: pipework
raassm: passmark
eoolcn: poloneck
yaalcb: playback
rtoasm: postmark
riipcn: pinprick
9
wrtoahc: patchwork
rtiofhc: pitchfork
werropa: paperwork
wrtioan: paintwork
yooppcc: poppycock
yiaggcb: piggyback
erpaacb: paperback
weerioc: piecework
rtiadhc: pitchdark
10
erryooab: prayerbook
etoookcb: pocketbook
erooashb: phrasebook
tioalbnn: pointblank
11
werrtoasl: plasterwork

ph
4
oo: pooh
ti: pith
os: posh
us: push
ta: path
5
ert: perth
uoc: pouch
usl: plush
oac: poach
icn: pinch
ooc: pooch
eac: peach
tac: patch
roc: porch
erc: perch
toc: potch
tic: pitch
ucn: punch
rac: parch
6
uacn: paunch
rias: parish
iosl: polish
erac: preach
uogl: plough
eris: perish
riaa: pariah
tiln: plinth
ruad: purdah
uisn: punish
tusc: putsch
toas: potash
7
ettis: pettish
iiskn: pinkish
roaah: pharaoh
eeisv: peevish
ruisd: prudish
iisgg: piggish
uislb: publish
eiskc: peckish
8
ruipsl: purplish
tyoalm: polymath
riisgg: priggish
9
ryopagl: polygraph
rrpaaag: paragraph
rrtiaac: patriarch
10
rtuiasbn: paintbrush
rtoopagh: photograph
rtopaagn: pantograph
tyopashc: psychopath
roopaghn: phonograph

pi
2
: pi
4
er: peri
5
ttu: putti
6
rypa: papyri
7
eiopm: pompeii
8
eeropn: peperoni
rtaasm: pastrami
9
rrtuoop: potpourri
rpaaazz: paparazzi

pn
3
a: pan
i: pin
e: pen
u: pun
4
ia: pain
ro: porn
io: pion
wa: pawn
al: plan
5
ial: plain
aag: pagan
yol: pylon
eta: paten
eaa: paean
eac: pecan
wra: prawn
eak: pekan
eer: preen
tio: piton
6
oohn: phonon
erro: perron
tyoh: python
etta: patten
etic: pectin
iidg: pidgin
erov: proven
eros: person
iion: pinion
iipp: pippin
eoll: pollen
rtoo: proton
etal: platen
rtoa: patron
rios: prison
ioos: poison
eiog: pigeon
tooh: photon
tios: piston
roas: parson
uiff: puffin
tioo: potion
road: pardon
7
eeikm: pikemen
yoogl: polygon
roopc: popcorn
ioass: passion
ruoon: pronoun
euign: penguin
ruiol: purloin
eiosn: pension
eaacm: paceman
etosm: postmen
toasm: postman
uipkm: pumpkin
tooon: pontoon
rtuia: puritan
iioll: pillion
roaag: paragon
tooal: platoon
ertia: pertain
erias: persian
ertio: protein
rtioo: portion
eeacm: pacemen
ertta: pattern
ertoa: protean
eialc: pelican
8
uialcb: publican
eeialb: plebeian
ruiass: prussian
toakln: plankton
etoagn: pentagon
riaaff: paraffin
etoagh: pathogen
rtioos: positron
etoahn: pantheon
eruiav: peruvian
eealcm: placemen
ioagln: pangolin
tiaaln: plantain
ertaak: partaken
eerssm: pressmen
tiioos: position
tiaask: pakistan
iioalv: pavilion
eioosd: poseidon
riiaas: parisian
ettiio: petition
erassm: pressman
rtoool: poltroon
rtiaas: partisan
9
tuiooll: pollution
rtiiaac: patrician
rtoooaz: protozoan
ruioosf: profusion
ertioad: predation
tiioosl: postilion
rtiooab: probation
eriiosc: precision
ertipah: paperthin
eruiosf: perfusion
yiiashc: physician
erioalc: porcelain
tuioasl: pulsation
eioalcm: policeman
rtiaagm: ptarmigan
rtiooom: promotion
ertiiod: perdition
riioosv: provision
rtiioav: privation
euoghlm: ploughmen
rtioalc: prolactin
eeiolcm: policemen
uoaghlm: ploughman
rttiioa: partition
10
erioossf: profession
ettoahln: pentathlon
eriiossm: permission
tioosghl: phlogiston
tiiioalc: politician
ertioojc: projection
eertiofc: perfection
ttyooolc: polycotton
eertiosn: pretension
ertoosdm: postmodern
erioossc: procession
eertioam: permeation
tiioosll: postillion
eioossss: possession
eeoohnnm: phenomenon
eruioass: persuasion
eertiasd: pedestrian
eeriiohl: perihelion
eerroppc: peppercorn
ruioopsl: propulsion
uiioshcn: pincushion
rtuioodc: production
errtiooa: peroration
eertiovn: prevention
eiiillcn: penicillin
ertuioac: precaution
rrtiooop: proportion
ttiioaan: patination
erttiooc: protection
tiioaagn: pagination
eeriossc: precession
eertiopc: perception
ertiiodc: prediction
ttioaaln: plantation
errtioas: periastron
eryoodhl: polyhedron
rrtuioos: protrusion
eruiossc: percussion
eerriosv: perversion
tuioopal: population
11
errtiopaa: preparation
rtiiioohb: prohibition
weiooalcm: policewoman
tiiooalln: pollination
rtioopaag: propagation
ttiiopaal: palpitation
ertiioonm: premonition
rtiooaafn: profanation
errioossg: progression
rrttiooas: prostration
ertuiopsm: presumption
weeioolcm: policewomen
ertuioosc: prosecution
ttuuioacn: punctuation
ttuiooasl: postulation
ertiooalc: percolation
errtiooaf: perforation
tuiioalcb: publication
errtiooac: procreation
erttuioam: permutation
errtioaal: proletarian
ertiioops: preposition
rtioooacv: provocation
eerttioan: penetration
eertuiosc: persecution
rtiiooops: proposition
12
rttiiioopa: propitiation
errtiiopas: perspiration
rtioooagln: prolongation
rrtiioopsc: proscription
rtuiooaglm: promulgation
ettiioagnm: pigmentation
errtiiopsc: prescription
rtiooaalcm: proclamation
eerttuiopa: perpetuation
rtuiiioafc: purification
eerttioasn: presentation
eertiiodlc: predilection
etioahccnn: pantechnicon
ertiioogcn: precognition
rtttuiioos: prostitution
etiioaasln: penalisation
tiiioaafcc: pacification
errttuioab: perturbation
erttuioafc: putrefaction
eerrttiopa: perpetration
eerrtioasv: preservation
ertttiooas: protestation
rtiiooaasl: polarisation
ertiioodcn: precondition
13
ertuiioaslv: pulverisation
ertiiiaaadc: paediatrician
rttiiooaasn: patronisation
errtiioaacv: prevarication
rtuiioaasll: pluralisation
ttiiiooafcn: pontification
rtioaasdgln: prostaglandin
rttiiiopaac: participation
rtuiiooacnn: pronunciation
rttiiioaasv: privatisation
ertuioopacc: preoccupation
eertioopccn: preconception
errtiiooafl: proliferation
ertiiaskccn: panicstricken
ttyoopahkln: phytoplankton
eerttiioadm: premeditation
erttiiiopac: precipitation
erttiiioafc: petrification
14
ertyiiooaslm: polymerisation
eerttiioasdn: predestination
rtuiioopaasl: popularisation
ttiiiiooaslc: politicisation
ertuiiooppss: presupposition
erttuiioaass: pasteurisation
ertiiioopssd: predisposition
errtiioaafcb: prefabrication
rrttiiiiooas: prioritisation
15
errttiioaaasm: parametrisation
eerrttyioskcv: povertystricken
ertiiiooasfcn: personification
rrttiiooaascn: procrastination
rttiioooasgcn: prognostication
ertiiooaassln: personalisation
errtiiaaaalnm: parliamentarian
16
ertttiiiioasdg: prestidigitation
eeerrttiioadnm: predetermination
17
eerttiiioaassdn: pedestrianisation
18
errttiiiooaaasln: proletarianisation
19
ertiiioooaasssfln: professionalisation

po
3
r: pro
4
og: pogo
ol: polo
5
ian: piano
ron: porno
toh: photo
iol: polio
tul: pluto
tal: plato
tia: patio
6
ttoa: potato
yshc: psycho
erod: prodeo
eolm: pomelo
ohcn: poncho
rton: pronto
yish: physio
eusd: pseudo
erts: presto
7
rtioc: portico
iassc: picasso
ealcb: placebo
rioxm: proximo
iolcc: piccolo
8
uaglbm: plumbago
9
rtioofl: portfolio
tiiazzc: pizzicato
rtuiolb: politburo
10
iiiassnm: pianissimo

pl
3
a: pal
4
oo: pool
ru: purl
ol: poll
ee: peel
ea: peal
al: pall
ul: pull
il: pill
ia: pail
ua: paul
5
uip: pupil
ean: panel, penal
eix: pixel
ead: pedal
upa: pupal
paa: papal
eta: petal
era: pearl
wro: prowl
eri: peril
6
eumm: pummel
erto: petrol
erac: parcel
etas: pastel
tios: pistol
rual: plural
eohn: phenol
eian: pineal
eert: petrel
aasc: pascal
eicn: pencil
erop: propel
riam: primal
rtoa: patrol, portal
toas: postal
7
rtiaa: partial
tiiag: pigtail
iaagn: paginal
rioab: parboil
euafg: pageful
uiafn: painful
tuilb: pitbull
yuafl: playful
ryoal: payroll
taaal: palatal
aashc: paschal
roaas: parasol
raash: phrasal
tioav: pivotal
eriav: prevail
eruas: perusal
weoaf: peafowl
ialbn: pinball
uaadl: paludal
erual: pleural
tiafl: pitfall
tuiif: pitiful
8
ertiaa: parietal
roopas: proposal
eroasn: personal
eerian: perineal
rioaxm: proximal
eriavm: primeval
aalllm: pallmall
tyioan: ponytail
rtoooc: protocol
eeuafc: peaceful
rioadg: prodigal
ertaan: parental, paternal, prenatal
eraall: parallel
rtuoag: portugal
yiashc: physical
rtuiac: pictural
rtoaas: pastoral
rtuoas: postural
eerikc: pickerel
eetasd: pedestal
etuafl: plateful
tuuacn: punctual
weruof: powerful
etioac: poetical
tiaaal: palatial
ertoac: pectoral
9
eerosnn: personnel
rtiiaac: piratical
ryiaadm: pyramidal
eeripnm: pimpernel
riipacn: principal
ttoaasn: postnatal
eriaavm: primaeval
yooagln: polygonal
rtiaacc: practical
eeeiacm: piecemeal
erooshc: preschool
wuohcbn: punchbowl
etaalcn: placental
eerrupa: puerperal
eeriann: perennial
eioalcm: polemical
etuofkc: pocketful
rrtyoaa: portrayal
tiioalc: political
rioaahc: parochial
ettioan: potential
etuifln: plentiful
erryuaf: prayerful
ertiaan: perinatal
eertupa: perpetual
rtiioac: pictorial
10
eruuopsf: purposeful
eryoadhl: polyhedral
riooannm: pronominal
errioavb: proverbial
etoaagnn: pentagonal
rrtiooac: proctorial
eriioadc: periodical
erruoadc: procedural
tiiooasn: positional
riioacvn: provincial
eeoahnnm: phenomenal
ertuiadn: prudential
rroaaanm: paranormal
eerripah: peripheral
rriioadm: primordial
yiooalnm: polynomial
tiioafcn: pontifical
eerrtaan: parenteral
eertupac: perceptual
11
erttyoadc: pterodactyl
eriiaaglc: periglacial
eettoascn: pentecostal
ertiiaaln: patrilineal
eriaaadcm: paramedical
eettiiann: penitential
ertoaaacm: paracetamol
eriialccn: preclinical
rtioooanm: promotional
eruiiadjc: prejudicial
rtiiaaasc: parasitical
rrtiaaahc: patriarchal
rioaaadxc: paradoxical
riiooasvn: provisional
rrtuioaag: purgatorial
rtuiiaacn: puritanical
eioaadggc: pedagogical
12
eertiiasdn: presidential
ertiooaglc: petrological
rrtiooopan: proportional
eriooasscn: processional
eettiiasln: pestilential
tiooaaghlc: pathological
erriooassf: professorial
ertiioadvn: providential
ioooaghlcn: phonological
eeerrtiafn: preferential
iiooaghllc: philological
rttyioopac: prototypical
eriooassfn: professional
yiooasshcc: psychosocial
eerrtuasnm: premenstrual
13
errtiooaacn: procreational
yiiooasghlc: physiological
etiooahhccm: photochemical
rtiiooopasn: propositional
ttuuioaacnn: punctuational
eerrrttuaan: preternatural
eerttiaahcn: parenthetical
errtuiooasc: prosecutorial
iioopashhlc: philosophical
errrtiioopa: proprietorial
ertiioopasn: prepositional
yiooasghlcc: psychological
eriooaghlcn: phrenological
eertioahccm: petrochemical
ertioaalcbm: problematical
14
errtiopaaghc: petrographical
eerttioaasnn: presentational
ertuiaaahccm: pharmaceutical
15
riooaaaghlccm: pharmacological
16
eeioooaghlcnnm: phenomenological
etioooaaagllcn: palaeontological
18
errtttiiiioaasdg: prestidigitatorial

pm
4
eo: poem
al: palm
ul: plum
ra: pram
ri: prim
er: perm
5
ris: prism
asl: plasm, psalm
6
iass: passim
uiod: podium
euln: plenum
roog: pogrom
uoss: possum
eghl: phlegm
yuhl: phylum
7
errof: perform
eruim: premium
toahn: phantom
riigl: pilgrim
rroag: program
erolb: problem
8
ryooal: playroom
eeruin: perineum
uiopsl: populism
iiasfc: pacifism
ryoasx: paroxysm
ertulc: plectrum
riaadg: paradigm
euudln: pendulum
rtoafl: platform
tuialn: platinum
uiooln: polonium
eruann: perannum
rioalc: proclaim
iaasgn: paganism
9
eyuosdn: pseudonym
uiaadll: palladium
tuioass: potassium
eertuol: petroleum
ertaagn: pentagram
eiisssm: pessimism
eryadhc: pachyderm
rtioagc: pictogram
tuuioln: plutonium
etiashn: pantheism
eruiisd: presidium
ruiasll: pluralism
10
rtuiiasn: puritanism
tiiiossv: positivism
etyioshl: polytheism
erttoosm: postmortem
rtoopasl: protoplasm
eertuion: peritoneum
eruioscn: proscenium
rttiioas: patriotism
riiaasgl: plagiarism
ruaadjnn: panjandrum
rtiiaass: parasitism
rtiaasgm: pragmatism
11
ertuiaaln: planetarium
eriaaslll: parallelism
tiiioslln: pointillism
euioadnnm: pandemonium
ertiaasln: paternalism
rtioaassl: pastoralism
12
rttuiioacn: protactinium
ryioopshlm: polymorphism
riioaashlc: parochialism
13
erroaaaglll: parallelogram
ertttioassn: protestantism
riiioaslcvn: provincialism
ertioossdnm: postmodernism
eertiiosfcn: perfectionism
rrtuiiaaslc: particularism
ertiaaasgnm: paramagnetism
erttiiooscn: protectionism
14
errtiiipsscv: prescriptivism
15
eriiooasssfln: professionalism

iy
3
c: icy
v: ivy
4
dl: idly
kn: inky
5
aln: inlay
ilc: icily
ron: irony
tal: italy
plm: imply
thc: itchy
rov: ivory
6
afnm: infamy
rujn: injury
iodc: idiocy
7
etipm: impiety
tpaln: inaptly
etpln: ineptly
eragm: imagery
qruin: inquiry
oglbn: ignobly
afcnn: infancy
tiann: inanity
eadll: ideally
ealnn: inanely
8
tascnn: instancy
rtusdn: industry
ertosm: isometry
ipshlm: impishly
ettidn: identity
rtafnn: infantry
tiifnn: infinity
iognnm: ignominy
etiadl: ideality
tiacnm: intimacy
tuipnm: impunity
rtuipm: impurity
etidfn: identify
rtoops: isotropy
rtoadl: idolatry
easlnn: insanely
eoodgl: ideology
tuinmm: immunity
ruosll: illusory
qetuin: inequity
ettlnn: intently
qtuiin: iniquity
etalnn: innately
roadln: ironlady
wradln: inwardly
tiasnn: insanity
9
uahlnnm: inhumanly
rtiaccn: intricacy
tiialbn: inability
ettascn: intestacy
rriafnm: infirmary
eiadcmm: immediacy
rtiifnm: infirmity
rrtialb: irritably
etisnmm: immensity
tiilllc: illicitly
ertpaln: interplay
tiialln: initially
etopcnm: impotency
errtian: itinerary
eerslvn: inversely
ertovnn: inventory
eidfnnm: indemnify
rualcbn: incurably
riaagnm: imaginary
tiidgnn: indignity
eeslnmm: immensely
uiadlbn: inaudibly
eetslnn: intensely
etisfnn: intensify
tualbmm: immutably
eagllll: illegally
eedccnn: indecency
iislvbn: invisibly
ettisnn: intensity
ttaslnn: instantly
eipdllm: impliedly
ertticn: intercity
roallmm: immorally
riaslcb: irascibly
etuignn: ingenuity
eidllbn: indelibly
etidnnm: indemnity
eiglllb: illegibly
erttign: integrity
10
etiiflnn: infinitely
paallcbm: implacably
ettoplnm: impotently
eiislcvn: incisively
eisslbnn: insensibly
qetuialn: inequality
ruaacccn: inaccuracy
etiiflcn: infelicity
ttiiacvn: inactivity
euccbnnm: incumbency
rioallcn: ironically
etiidfln: infidelity
tuiahnnm: inhumanity
rtoallmm: immortally
eelccnnm: inclemency
rtiiohbn: inhibitory
ertiallc: illiteracy
ertallnn: internally
tiipllcm: implicitly
riaalvbn: invariably
rttuiamm: immaturity
eertplxn: inexpertly
eeruslcn: insecurely
eifllxbn: inflexibly
eoslcvnn: insolvency
ertipdln: intrepidly
eripallm: imperially
etosllnn: insolently
etilnnmm: imminently
eruacnnm: innumeracy
eridlcbn: incredibly
iopsslbm: impossibly
tiialbnm: inimitably
eerthlnn: inherently
erropplm: improperly
etalnnmm: immanently
tiiadlvn: invalidity
iaflllbn: infallibly
ropalbbm: improbably
rtoaglnn: ignorantly
etiaglll: illegality
tiiolbmm: immobility
ertuiscn: insecurity
ertidlcn: indirectly
erusgcnn: insurgency
rtiaasnn: insanitary
rtioalmm: immorality
qeuaadcn: inadequacy
uoasflnm: infamously
roafllnm: informally
etiilcbm: imbecility
eiadlccn: indelicacy
eetdlcnn: indecently
rtooavnn: innovatory
rtuiasln: insularity
ertaglln: integrally
epalccbm: impeccably
etodllnn: indolently
etupdlnm: impudently
tiaaslbn: insatiably
eroalxbn: inexorably
eriadcnn: incendiary
tipaaccn: incapacity
euahlnnm: inhumanely
ettialnm: intimately
etialvbn: inevitably
erafllnn: infernally
ertualmm: immaturely
uooglnmm: immunology
etolcnnn: innocently
tiiglvnn: invitingly
11
eerislcnn: insincerely
etasslcnn: incessantly
ertoallbn: intolerably
rttioalmm: immortality
erpaaslbn: inseparably
ettisslnn: insistently
rttopalnm: importantly
eetagllnn: inelegantly
eerttialv: iteratively
rtipaallm: impartially
ruuiosjln: injuriously
eerralcvn: irrelevancy
erttialcn: intricately
erpaglbnm: impregnably
euisllcvn: inclusively
yiadllllc: idyllically
errrpaalb: irreparably
eertpflcm: imperfectly
etiadllcn: identically
eiadflbnn: indefinably
eeripslcm: imprecisely
rttoaacnn: incantatory
rttaalcbn: intractably
errtolccn: incorrectly
euaslxcbn: inexcusably
ettuiilvn: intuitively
euipsllvm: impulsively
tiipassvm: impassivity
iiisdlvbn: indivisibly
roopaghcn: iconography
etuuopslm: impetuously
eetilvvnn: inventively
uiiossdln: insidiously
ertuidlcn: incredulity
uipasllbm: implausibly
tiadglnnn: indignantly
riopgllnm: imploringly
etiaslbnm: inestimably
eruiopslm: imperiously
ertiiscnn: insincerity
erroalcvb: irrevocably
tuiadlbbn: indubitably
erroognnm: ironmongery
ettuiopsm: impetuosity
errtiiofn: inferiority
errruagll: irregularly
ttiiaslbn: instability
euiosglnn: ingeniously
eetiadlmm: immediately
eetislvnn: intensively
toasccnnn: inconstancy
erruidlcb: irreducibly
errttiadl: irritatedly
eipasslvm: impassively
epaaslcbn: inescapably
errtioppm: impropriety
rtioaflnm: informality
rttuiopnm: importunity
rtuaslcbn: inscrutably
qruiiglnn: inquiringly
eiasddlvn: inadvisedly
rtuoalvnn: involuntary
etuidlcvn: inductively
ioagllllc: illogically
ettipalnm: impatiently
uoaassnmm: immunoassay
tuisgllnn: insultingly
qeerufcnn: infrequency
ertupdlnm: imprudently
etuallcbn: ineluctably
erttiifln: infertility
euuosglnn: ingenuously
rrtooafnm: informatory
tiioadllc: idiotically
ruuioslcn: incuriously
rtuiogcnn: incongruity
eerohccnn: incoherency
etudgllnn: indulgently
erualbnnm: innumerably
12
rrttuoodcn: introductory
eerrtiadnm: intermediary
ttuiialbmm: immutability
tuiiosllbn: insolubility
rtoaaflnmm: inflammatory
eeripsslvm: impressively
rtuiaalccn: inarticulacy
eertoadlmm: immoderately
eertpalbnm: impenetrably
eeiiffccnn: inefficiency
eriaadlcbn: ineradicably
uiiaddllvn: individually
eetiidflnn: indefinitely
uaalllccbn: incalculably
ryioassdcn: idiosyncrasy
etiiiglllb: illegibility
eerrrislvb: irreversibly
rtuiasdlln: industrially
tiopalcbnm: incompatibly
rrttiiagln: irritatingly
etiiagllcm: illegitimacy
tuipasdlbn: indisputably
etiiglllbn: intelligibly
qeetuaadln: inadequately
eruaaslbmm: immeasurably
tiioaglllc: illogicality
eriasglcnn: increasingly
eeerttsdln: interestedly
rrttiiialb: irritability
ropaalcbnm: incomparably
eeerrrtlvn: irreverently
tiiiislvbn: invisibility
rttiioadnm: intimidatory
ertioadlnn: inordinately
tuuioaslcn: incautiously
rtioaaflnn: inflationary
eertisdlcn: indiscreetly
etioalvvnn: innovatively
ooasllcbnn: inconsolably
eertohlcnn: incoherently
tiipaalcbn: incapability
ertialxcbn: inextricably
rtuiigglnn: intriguingly
errrtuiagl: irregularity
ttiisdlcnn: indistinctly
etuaallcmm: immaculately
uiossdllbn: indissolubly
rriioglcbn: incorrigibly
ertialbnnm: interminably
eipallxcbn: inexplicably
qeertuflnn: infrequently
eetopllcnm: incompletely
etiadllcnn: incidentally
eerrtuosll: irresolutely
tiioalvbmm: immovability
eropasllnm: impersonally
eertipalvm: imperatively
ertuaalccn: inaccurately
qtuuiiosln: iniquitously
eruasfflbn: insufferably
rtiiiaslcb: irascibility
errtiisslb: irresistibly
errttuocnn: intercountry
eeiisdlcvn: indecisively
eerrtallvn: irrelevantly
tuiiiadlbn: inaudibility
etuiosflcn: infectiously
rttiipaalm: impartiality
etiiadflbn: identifiably
eeerradlbm: irredeemably
rrtioaalln: irrationally
ertoashllm: isothermally
13
eetuaffllcn: ineffectually
eetttialvnn: inattentively
ettiislcvnn: instinctively
eetiisslvnn: insensitively
eerrrtialvb: irretrievably
ettiiialvbn: inevitability
eerttadlvnn: inadvertently
eerrroalcvb: irrecoverably
eerttiplnnm: impertinently
eeetifflcvn: ineffectively
tiiiilcvbnn: invincibility
ettiolcnnnn: incontinently
erttioasgvn: investigatory
etiiaaglvnm: imaginatively
eerttisglnn: interestingly
eioalccvbnn: inconceivably
eeeipslxvnn: inexpensively
tiioaadllcm: idiomatically
eipassdlbnn: indispensably
eiooadglllc: ideologically
ettiiissvnn: insensitivity
tiiiopsslbm: impossibility
ertioasllcm: isometrically
eeripsslxbn: inexpressibly
errrttooagn: interrogatory
uuiiosdjlcn: injudiciously
eettiglllnn: intelligently
eerttialcvn: interactively
qetuiiislvn: inquisitively
tuiiasglnnn: insinuatingly
eerrripsslb: irrepressibly
rtipaallccm: impractically
rrttiioaaln: irrationality
etiossccnnn: inconsistency
rtioopasllc: isotropically
eruuosdllcn: incredulously
etiiiigllbn: ineligibility
ertiopaslnm: impersonality
euiisffccnn: insufficiency
ertuoaslvnn: intravenously
rtuiiafglnn: infuriatingly
ettioallnnn: intentionally
rtuioallvnn: involuntarily
ruuoosglcnn: incongruously
rtuuiossdln: industriously
rrtioopasvm: improvisatory
eertiafllnn: inferentially
etuiashlxbn: inexhaustibly
eriasdlcbbn: indescribably
ettoaslcbnn: incontestably
ertiioalxbn: inexorability
eettoplcnnm: incompetently
rtiiasllcnn: intrinsically
errttuoolcn: interlocutory
errtupalbbm: imperturbably
tiiioallvbn: inviolability
ertioaflvnm: informatively
erttiiaglbn: integrability
erriopsslbn: irresponsibly
eertidfflnn: indifferently
etiiiasflbn: infeasibility
etiiisslbnn: insensibility
eetiooghnnm: inhomogeneity
tuiiiaddlvn: individuality
uiioosglnnm: ignominiously
eetiifflcnn: inefficiently
eeetpddlnnn: independently
erttuopalnm: importunately
eertiadcnnm: indeterminacy
eertallcnnm: incrementally
etiiifllxbn: inflexibility
rtiiopalbbm: improbability
tiiiaflllbn: infallibility
eertipplcbm: imperceptibly
14
uuiiopasslcn: inauspiciously
eeerrttiplvn: interpretively
rtuuoaslbnnm: insurmountably
etuiisfflcnn: insufficiently
eetasdlccnnn: incandescently
rtttiiaalcbn: intractability
errropaahlcb: irreproachably
eerrttpaalnn: interplanetary
ertttiiaslln: interstitially
euiosllccvnn: inconclusively
rttiipaalccm: impracticality
tiiiaasdlvbn: inadvisability
etttiioalnnn: intentionality
etttuiiahcnn: inauthenticity
etiiaasdlllc: idealistically
ettiosslcnnn: inconsistently
erttuasllnnm: instrumentally
errtuiiidlcb: irreducibility
tiiiiisdlvbn: indivisibility
etuiiosfllcn: infelicitously
eerttttilnnm: intermittently
eeerrtipslcv: irrespectively
eetiolcvnnnn: inconveniently
eeerrrttofnm: interferometry
rttuiiaslcbn: inscrutability
eettuallllcn: intellectually
rtiioagglvnn: invigoratingly
tuiiipasllbm: implausibility
rttiiaagglnn: ingratiatingly
eettiiaglllm: illegitimately
eertiipalbmm: impermeability
15
etiiiasslccbn: inaccessibility
qrtuiiioaslln: inquisitorially
eetttuialllcn: intellectuality
eertioasdlcnn: inconsiderately
ettiiiiglllbn: intelligibility
tttuiioasllnn: institutionally
ettuoaasslnnn: instantaneously
errtiopppaaln: inappropriately
eertaaghlcbnn: interchangeably
eerrttioaglvn: interrogatively
eeeertpddcnnn: interdependency
tiiippaallcbn: inapplicability
uiooaglllcnmm: immunologically
erttioaallnnn: internationally
ertuiiallvbnn: invulnerability
tiiiasfglcnnn: insignificantly
uuioopsslccnn: inconspicuously
eerttiopslcvn: introspectively
eerttiipalbnm: impenetrability
ertttuiaslnnm: instrumentality
etiiiasfllnnm: infinitesimally
eerrrtiiislvb: irreversibility
ttiiiopalcbnm: incompatibility
errrtuioascnn: insurrectionary
16
eeuiiodfccnnmm: immunodeficiency
ertiiiasdlcnnm: indiscriminately
errttuiipalbbm: imperturbability
etiiipassdlbnn: indispensability
errttioolcvbnn: incontrovertibly
eertiiipsslxbn: inexpressibility
errtttuiiiplbn: interruptibility
eerrttiiopalbn: interoperability
errtiiiopsslbn: irresponsibility
rttiiipaalccbm: impracticability
eeriopshlcbnnm: incomprehensibly
17
tuiiiassdghlbnn: indistinguishably
errtiiipasdlcnn: interdisciplinary
qeetuioasllcnnn: inconsequentially
rtyiioaasdllccn: idiosyncratically
ertttuiiisdlcbn: indestructibility
18
eerttiiaaghlcbnn: interchangeability
19
eertiiiopshlcbnnm: incomprehensibility

ix
8
ertinm: intermix
4
eb: ibex
5
ifn: infix
edn: index
6
ufln: influx
eocb: icebox

vb
4
er: verb

vc
8
ioalcn: volcanic
9
rtuiios: virtuosic
rtiiiol: vitriolic
eiiosdd: videodisc
10
ertuiolm: volumetric
11
ertyuiios: voyeuristic

vd
4
el: veld
en: vend
ei: vied
io: void
5
ial: valid
iiv: vivid
eex: vexed
ean: vaned
weo: vowed
ipa: vapid
eto: voted
6
weei: viewed
eual: valued
eeer: veered
eets: vested
eerg: verged
eeil: veiled
eett: vetted
eein: veined
eioc: voiced
eers: versed
eetn: vented
eeto: vetoed
eiod: voided
epam: vamped
eria: varied
7
euohc: vouched
etuan: vaunted
etual: vaulted
eyoag: voyaged
etiis: visited
eeiod: videoed
etiom: vomited
etaac: vacated
8
eiiifl: vilified
eeeern: veneered
ettiia: vitiated
oaagbn: vagabond
eertun: ventured
eeyoll: volleyed
eiashn: vanished
ertiab: vibrated
ruaagn: vanguard
eryian: vineyard
etioal: violated
eertoc: vectored
eiiifv: vivified
eeriif: verified
9
eeettag: vegetated
eriashn: varnished
eeertan: venerated
eriopas: vaporised
etiaadl: validated
ertiiif: vitrified
eioaslc: vocalised
10
euiiassl: visualised
euoasfhc: vouchsafed
euiaslcn: vulcanised
eettialn: ventilated
etiiiscm: victimised
etiaaccn: vaccinated
eetiiscv: vivisected
qeuiashn: vanquished
eetiopad: videotaped
eertiaag: variegated
eertiosc: vectorised
eeuaaddl: valueadded
etiiadcn: vindicated
eiaasdln: vandalised
11
eeertuoln: volunteered

ve
3
i: vie
4
ol: vole
is: vise
al: vale
an: vane
to: vote
as: vase
il: vile
in: vine
ic: vice
5
erv: verve
eun: venue
ers: verse
iol: voile
erg: verge
uog: vogue
ual: value
alv: valve
ioc: voice
uag: vague
6
ialb: viable
tiov: votive
yoag: voyage
taac: vacate
iasg: visage
rtui: virtue
eosn: venose
riil: virile
tuol: volute
eicn: venice
uolm: volume
iasl: valise
7
iaccn: vaccine
eislc: vesicle
iislb: visible
tuagl: vulgate
toagl: voltage
uoalc: vacuole
ttiia: vitiate
iagll: village
errud: verdure
ealcn: valence
tiagn: vintage
ertun: venture
rtiaa: variate
rtiab: vibrate
taagn: vantage
rtuul: vulture
tioal: violate
eihlc: vehicle
uipln: vulpine
aalcn: valance
uollb: voluble
etisg: vestige
erosb: verbose
ripam: vampire
iossc: viscose
8
erislc: versicle
tioacv: vocative
weialb: viewable
ioadlb: voidable
tiiasl: vitalise
eiolcn: violence
eriagb: verbiage
rioasc: varicose
eettag: vegetate
ioaslc: vocalise
riopas: vaporise
riaagc: vicarage
tiaadl: validate
eetigv: vegetive
ettign: vignette
tioall: volatile
eertan: venerate
riaacn: variance
riaalb: variable
eiasln: vaseline
uaallb: valuable
9
ertialb: veritable
etiopad: videotape
uoasfhc: vouchsafe
iaasdln: vandalise
eerrtab: vertebrae
eeagcnn: vengeance
tiiiscm: victimise
eroodlm: velodrome
tiiagln: vigilante
tiaaccn: vaccinate
eetaglb: vegetable
eeehcnm: vehemence
etuislb: vestibule
etialnn: valentine
eriaslb: verbalise
tiiadcn: vindicate
uiaslcn: vulcanise
eruilcn: virulence
uiiassl: visualise
ertiasl: versatile
ertilcn: ventricle
iiaglcn: vigilance
tiiaslb: visitable
aaassgl: vassalage
eeralbn: venerable
tiaallc: vacillate
ettialn: ventilate
10
eioopdhn: videophone
eerrttab: vertebrate
tiiidcvn: vindictive
eruallbn: vulnerable
eriiaflb: verifiable
eeiopdlc: velocipede
erttuipa: vituperate
eettiagv: vegetative
11
tuiiissdc: vicissitude
eertuosnm: venturesome
12
erttuiipav: vituperative
14
ertuiiiisdlm: verisimilitude

vg
3
e: veg
5
yin: vying
6
tion: voting
wion: vowing
eixn: vexing
iikn: viking
7
ipanm: vamping
uialn: valuing
iiodn: voiding
eerin: veering
ryian: varying
eidnn: vending
erign: verging
iiocn: voicing
ettin: vetting
etinn: venting
etisn: vesting
eiiln: veiling
weiin: viewing
etion: vetoing
8
yioagn: voyaging
tuiann: vaunting
tiionm: vomiting
eiiodn: videoing
tuialn: vaulting
tiaacn: vacating
tiiisn: visiting
9
ertuinn: venturing
ertiocn: vectoring
rtiiabn: vibrating
eyiolln: volleying
tiioaln: violating
ttiiian: vitiating
iiashnn: vanishing
eryiifn: verifying
yiiifln: vilifying
10
riiashnn: varnishing
iioaslcn: vocalising
eettiagn: vegetating
tiiaadln: validating
riiopasn: vaporising
eertiann: venerating
11
uioasfhcn: vouchsafing
ettiialnn: ventilating
tuiiallcn: victualling
tiiiadcnn: vindicating
tiiaaccnn: vaccinating
uiiiassln: visualising
etiiopadn: videotaping
iiaasdlnn: vandalising
tiiiiscnm: victimising
quiiashnn: vanquishing
tiiaallcn: vacillating
12
eertuiolnn: volunteering
17
eeeriioodfccnnn: videoconferencing

iq
4
ra: iraq

ip
8
ertaln: interlap
17
eerrttiioashlnn: interrelationship
3
m: imp
6
etsn: instep
eacc: icecap

is
2
: is
3
t: its
n: ins
d: ids
f: ifs
4
on: ions
nn: inns
ed: ides
ll: ills
kn: inks
ec: ices
rk: irks
sm: isms
ib: ibis
ri: iris
is: isis
pm: imps
5
esl: isles
amm: imams
ron: irons
ocn: icons
eiv: ivies
acn: incas
edl: idles
ead: ideas
odl: idols
toa: iotas
etm: items
6
euss: issues
eadl: ideals
eisb: ibises
waln: inlaws
eris: irises
igcn: icings
tuin: inuits
edbm: imbeds
uabm: iambus
rucn: incurs
ruac: icarus
ehcn: inches
ethc: itches
tupn: inputs
etsn: insets
eagm: images
togn: ingots
eexb: ibexes
etsl: islets
etln: inlets
iodm: idioms
oogl: igloos
tiod: idiots
erdl: idlers
erfn: infers
eplm: impels
qria: iraqis
yaln: inlays
7
ignnn: innings
wofln: inflows
etign: ignites
eopsm: imposes
uaagn: iguanas
eticn: incites
eriov: ivories
etvnn: invents
uiopm: impious
tialc: italics
erion: ironies
eahln: inhales
eusfn: infuses
etakn: intakes
topkn: inkpots
etsvn: invests
etjcn: injects
roadn: inroads
epalm: impales
etpsn: insteps
erogn: ignores
euogn: igneous
eidcn: indices
rtopm: imports
etsfn: infests
radnn: innards
tidcn: indicts
erujn: injures
etivn: invites
rofnm: informs
eokvn: invokes
eiplm: implies
etfcn: infects
paalm: impalas
wradn: inwards
eocnm: incomes
eisdn: insides
eadvn: invades
rtpam: imparts
tushm: isthmus
eruss: issuers
ersgn: ingress
tusln: insults
tpacm: impacts
tissn: insists
erosm: isomers
tudcn: inducts
etanm: inmates
roodn: indoors
eojkn: injokes
eslln: illness
etonn: intones
tafnn: infants
iadnn: indians
erpsm: impress
ertsn: inserts
roasb: isobars
eepdm: impedes
asdln: islands
etscn: incests, insects
eudcn: induces
eiscn: iciness
eilcc: icicles
ettnn: intents
tisln: instils
ertnn: interns
ertvn: inverts
eedxn: indexes
etdnn: indents, intends
erusn: insures
ripam: impairs
etupm: impetus
8
etflcn: inflects
erticn: inciters
etafln: inflates
tisghn: insights
erocnm: incomers
eroplm: implores
eaflnm: inflames
eiagnm: imagines
taslln: installs
eersvn: inverses
tislln: instills
eribbm: imbibers
erokvn: invokers
eudgln: indulges
tiialn: initials
eiiodc: idiocies
eerdxn: indexers
ertinm: interims
iiolln: illinois
euflxn: influxes
eesdln: idleness
erisdn: insiders
eipkcc: icepicks
qetusn: inquests
eilcnn: inclines
rioscn: incisors
eescnn: incenses
tiaaln: italians
eolvvn: involves
eetism: itemises
uoafnm: infamous
eergcb: icebergs
eopdlm: implodes
erahln: inhalers
rtipnm: imprints
eradvn: invaders
eidfln: infidels
eriasl: israelis
tiflcn: inflicts
eertta: iterates
etoasl: isolates
eertgn: integers
eupslm: impulses
ertihn: inherits
eropvm: improves
tiahbn: inhabits
eudlcn: includes
qeruin: inquires
tiihbn: inhibits
tpalnm: implants
riaann: iranians
etpscn: inspects
errusn: insurers
etoops: isotopes
eipgnm: impinges
eripsn: inspires
iadlvn: invalids
ettiam: imitates
eersmm: immerses
eiocvn: invoices
erosdn: indorses
ertudn: intrudes
weklln: inkwells
ttasnn: instants
eruijn: injuries
igklnn: inklings
9
wrrookn: ironworks
ettianm: intimates
errtion: interiors
euiognn: ingenious
eetpsnn: ineptness
ioasvnn: invasions
ertalvn: intervals
erifgnn: infringes
rttuscn: instructs
rtoopsm: impostors
eerpssm: impresses
erasdln: islanders
ruoagnm: ignoramus
etuasln: insulates
errttia: irritates
ettiian: initiates
rtuodcn: inductors
eesslln: illnesses
euisnmm: immunises
eeertnn: internees
eeosslc: isosceles
eroadgm: ideograms
errtudn: intruders
etocnnn: innocents
rtoalmm: immortals
tasdknn: inkstands
ertovnn: inventors
euuognn: ingenuous
etiadcn: indicates
eerttsn: interests
eerrtvn: inverters
qeruiin: inquiries
errtopm: importers
eertsnn: inertness
uioslln: illusions
etuuopm: impetuous
etiasdl: idealists
iioscnn: incisions
eruiopm: imperious
uiosfnn: infusions
rrttian: irritants
eerascn: increases
riopsnm: imprisons
ertuign: intrigues
rttioam: imitators
ertopsm: imposters
etascnn: instances
etidcnn: incidents
uiiosdn: insidious
erriofn: inferiors
ruuiojn: injurious
ertoadl: idolaters
eeiasdl: idealises
eepahcm: impeaches
errttoa: iterators
tiadcnn: indicants
ttiscnn: instincts
uuoocnn: innocuous
rtooasl: isolators
uiiodvn: invidious
etiiann: inanities
ertosvn: investors
eeilcbm: imbeciles
qerruin: inquirers
ertalnn: internals
erttacn: interacts
errofnm: informers
ertagln: integrals
10
eertudln: interludes
eettllcn: intellects
eiislvbn: invisibles
eeerfcnn: inferences
qetuiiin: iniquities
rtiagnmm: immigrants
eeidccnn: incidences
etiiasnn: insanities
etipalcm: implicates
eertopsn: interposes
ertuiipm: impurities
etuuoscn: incestuous
eettiidn: identities
errruagl: irregulars
eerttjcn: interjects
eipsshnm: impishness
erttioan: iterations
rtuoasln: insulators
eertcnnm: increments
eaalcbnm: imbalances
ertiosnn: insertions
iiaggnnm: imaginings
eriopsvm: improvises
ertadgnn: integrands
ertaslln: installers
werasdnn: inwardness
qeetuiin: inequities
ertoklcn: interlocks
ertuiafn: infuriates
eertudnn: indentures
etuisjcn: injustices
rttiioan: initiators
etucbnnm: incumbents
etttuisn: institutes
etiiifnn: infinities
eruiopvm: impervious
eerttnnm: interments
rtuooadl: idolatrous
tuuioacn: incautious
ruioogln: inglorious
ertusgnn: insurgents
ertuodcn: introduces
euiodgnn: indigenous
eerttpcn: intercepts
rtiiohbn: inhibitors
etiiacnm: intimacies
eruoodcn: indecorous
ruioscnn: incursions
qtuuiion: iniquitous
eerrttpn: interprets
rtuoacbn: incubators
ioascnnm: insomniacs
eettisnn: intestines
uioslcnn: inclusions
eioflxnn: inflexions
ertopscn: inspectors
rtooavnn: innovators
rtoafnnm: informants
eeticvvn: invectives
ttuiionn: intuitions
errtiohn: inheritors
errttovn: introverts
eerttagn: integrates
ttiioanm: imitations
etuiofcn: infectious
eeticvnn: incentives
eeertvnn: intervenes
ettionnn: intentions
rtuiosnn: intrusions
ertypaln: interplays
eropadgh: ideographs
eerttscn: intersects
ertuisdn: industries
eeriglvn: inveiglers
eeioodgl: ideologies
rtiaavnn: invariants
eertafcn: interfaces
eriosvnn: inversions
etiojcnn: injections
tuiodcnn: inductions
weertivn: interviews
eeerrtfn: interferes
etiofcnn: infections
ettiasgn: instigates
eruascnn: insurances
eetiidfn: identifies
eeuoodgl: ideologues
etuiinmm: immunities
rtioadcn: indicators
etiovnnn: inventions
eettsnnn: intentness
erttiann: itinerants
errttupn: interrupts
eeuflcnn: influences
eeerpknn: innkeepers
eetplnmm: implements
etuoalcn: inoculates
11
eetiisnmm: immensities
ettiiiavn: initiatives
tuioolvnn: involutions
rtioafcnm: informatics
rtioafcnn: infarctions, infractions
rttioasgn: instigators
tiioopsnm: impositions
ttuiopanm: imputations
tiioflcnn: inflictions
tuiojcnnn: injunctions
ttiiioann: initiations
eetticnnm: incitements
ertuuaagn: inaugurates
eetiisfnn: intensifies
rrttiioan: irritations
etiiiasln: initialises
eerttiall: illiterates
ettaslnnm: instalments
euuiopcnm: impecunious
etiiifvnn: infinitives
ttiioavnn: invitations
eeudglcnn: indulgences
erroognnm: ironmongers
uiioognnm: ignominious
tiiiohbnn: inhibitions
rtuuiosll: illustrious
tioaahlnn: inhalations
eettiisnn: intensities
eertiovnn: inventories
eeessnnmm: immenseness
eiioslbmm: immobilises
ttiioannm: intimations
erttusnnm: instruments
eetipdnmm: impediments
eerrtiian: itineraries
tuioacbnn: incubations
etiaglbnn: intangibles
ettidcnnm: indictments
ttiooannn: intonations
ertiiifnm: infirmities
ttioaxcnn: intoxicants
erriiafnm: infirmaries
eerossknm: irksomeness
tooaslccn: iconoclasts
ertiiaccn: intricacies
tiooavnnn: innovations
etiopscnn: inspections
etiaadlvn: invalidates
rtuuiosdn: industrious
eruuodlcn: incredulous
tiooacvnn: invocations
ruuoogcnn: incongruous
eeertalvn: interleaves
eetudcnnm: inducements
eerrtopln: interlopers
eertipavm: imperatives
etiiidgnn: indignities
uiiaddlvn: individuals
eriopssnm: impressions
eruoasgnm: ignoramuses
etioosdgl: ideologists
tiioadcnn: indications
eerttiscn: interstices
uuiiodjcn: injudicious
ttiaahbnn: inhabitants
eerttnnnm: internments
eertiidfn: identifiers
eetiidnnm: indemnities
etioflcnn: inflections
errttoagn: integrators
eertiacnn: incinerates
ettiiadnm: intimidates
eettsvnnm: investments
ertuoavnn: intravenous
etiiialbn: inabilities
rrttuoscn: instructors
eertidgnn: ingredients
etuiallnm: illuminates
erruiiogl: irreligious
qrtuiiosn: inquisitors
erttiafln: infiltrates
ertipanmm: impairments
erttuasll: illustrates
12
ertiopacnm: imprecations
uuiiopascn: inauspicious
rttuioscnn: instructions
eetolvvnnm: involvements
rioopsshmm: isomorphisms
rtioaacnnn: incarnations
rtiiopscnn: inscriptions
ettioadnnn: indentations
eeerrtpssn: intersperses
qeeuiaadcn: inadequacies
rrttuoasll: illustrators
etttiaasnn: instantiates
erttioacnn: interactions
qtuiiiosnn: inquisitions
eetpahcnmm: impeachments
rtiioagnmm: immigrations
tuiooalcnn: inoculations
eettopcnnm: incompetents
eettiasgvn: investigates
eruiaacccn: inaccuracies
eeetpddnnn: independents
eertiaslnn: internalises
eetiiilcbm: imbecilities
eertaghcnn: interchanges
tiiopalcnm: implications
eertisdcnn: indirectness
eetiopslnm: impoliteness
eeiisscvnn: incisiveness
eeriiadcnn: incendiaries
weeeertivn: interviewees
etuiioflcn: infelicitous
ttuioaafnn: infatuations
eertopasnm: impersonates
eeertplnmm: implementers
eeerralcvn: irrelevances
eertopvnmm: improvements
eertuiiscn: insecurities
eetiiiflcn: infelicities
eeerrrttpn: interpreters
tiioaagnnm: imaginations
erttioagnn: integrations
etuiiahnnm: inhumanities
eerrttopcn: interceptors
ertiiacnnm: incriminates
eetiiidfln: infidelities
tuiioasnnn: insinuations
qeetuiialn: inequalities
errtioacnn: incinerators
ruuioaslbn: insalubrious
rrttioafln: infiltrators
eertioscvn: insectivores
rtiioaglvn: invigilators
eertiahcnn: inheritances
eeetsddbnn: indebtedness
ttioaacnnn: incantations
tuiiosslln: illusionists
ertiiodcnn: indirections
tiioalcnnn: inclinations
eetiisdccn: insecticides
tttuiiosnn: institutions
errtoopacn: incorporates
eerttopaln: interpolates
weeerrtivn: interviewers
eetiiaglll: illegalities
ettioasfnn: infestations
ertiipaslm: imperialists
eerrttoagn: interrogates
eeioslcvnn: insolvencies
rtiiopasnn: inspirations
13
uuioopsccnn: inconspicuous
eettuiisvnn: intuitiveness
eeuuossgnnn: ingenuousness
tuiioallnnm: illuminations
eettuiadxcn: inexactitudes
eeuisslcvnn: inclusiveness
erttioasgvn: investigators
eeuipsslvnm: impulsiveness
eertiopfcnm: imperfections
eeetisvvnnn: inventiveness
tuioosglnmm: immunologists
eerttiovnnn: interventions
ertiiossnnm: intermissions
eerttioscnn: intersections
eertifgnnnm: infringements
eeetiasdnmm: immediateness
rttuioodcnn: introductions
errtoopasnm: impersonators
eeuoooghnnm: inhomogeneous
eerttoccnnn: interconnects
eerrtiioppm: improprieties
errrttooagn: interrogators
ettuoaasnnn: instantaneous
eeerrttavbn: invertebrates
eerttopascn: inspectorates
ettipaaaccn: incapacitates
ettiiiaslbn: instabilities
ertuiooscvn: insectivorous
eerttiopcnn: interceptions
eeetigllcnn: intelligences
errtuioscnn: insurrections
etiioaasdln: idealisations
eeipasssvnm: impassiveness
ertuiiogcnn: incongruities
erttioadcnn: indoctrinates
eeerttiadnm: intermediates
rttiioaflnn: infiltrations
errttuoolcn: interlocutors
eeeerrtfcnn: interferences
eerrtosccnn: incorrectness
eettualllcn: intellectuals
errttuiopnn: interruptions
eertiosscnn: intercessions
tuiioasnnmm: immunisations
rttuioaslln: illustrations
eertuissvnn: intrusiveness
euuoosscnnn: innocuousness
eerttiojcnn: interjections
eeruiopssnm: imperiousness
erttuaslnnm: instrumentals
ertiiosdcnn: indiscretions
eeropadlbnm: imponderables
ertiopsnnmm: imprisonments
ttioaasllnn: installations
eeeripsscnm: impreciseness
14
rtiioopasvnm: improvisations
eeeioccvnnnn: inconveniences
eerrttioagvn: interrogatives
eetuuossscnn: incestuousness
etiiiasflnnm: infinitesimals
tttiioaasnnn: instantiations
eeetopslcnnm: incompleteness
eerrrtuiiagl: irregularities
tuiiiasddlvn: individualists
eeeiissdcvnn: indecisiveness
eeeripsssvnm: impressiveness
ertioopasnnm: impersonations
errttiooagnn: interrogations
etiiiiislvbn: invisibilities
rrttiooadcnn: indoctrinators
ettiissdcnnn: indistinctness
eryiioassdcn: idiosyncrasies
eerrrtiaagnm: intermarriages
ettiioasgvnn: investigations
erttioopalnn: interpolations
erttioaalnnn: internationals
eeeiiiffccnn: inefficiencies
ertiiopsssnm: impressionists
eeerrtiiadnm: intermediaries
eerrttioalnn: interrelations
rttuiiassdln: industrialists
15
ertiiiopalbbm: improbabilities
ertuuiosssdnn: industriousness
eerrtttiopann: interpretations
qeetuiiissvnn: inquisitiveness
etiiiiopsslbm: impossibilities
eeetiiooghnnm: inhomogeneities
eeeetisffcvnn: ineffectiveness
eeerttiascvnn: interactiveness
errrttuuasfcn: infrastructures
errttiiioaaln: irrationalities
eeeerrrttofnm: interferometers
eertioasfvnnm: informativeness
eettiopalnnmm: implementations
eeetuasfflcnn: ineffectualness
rttiiooadcnnn: indoctrinations
ettiiioadfcnn: identifications
ttiiiioaaslnn: initialisations
eetiiossccnnn: inconsistencies
16
eerttuiaaslcnn: inarticulateness
ertttuiasslnnm: instrumentalists
eerttiooccnnnn: interconnections
eeeerrttasdlnn: interrelatedness
erttiiipaalccm: impracticalities
17
eerrtiopppaasnn: inappropriateness
eeertioassdcnnn: inconsiderateness
ertttiioaaslnnn: internationalists
ettiiiiopalcbnm: incompatibilities
euuioopsssccnnn: inconspicuousness
18
eeeerttosdccnnnn: interconnectedness
eerrttiiopashlnn: interrelationships

ir
5
edl: idler
eic: icier
enn: inner
efn: infer
ucn: incur
etn: inter
6
euss: issuer
eikn: inkier
oasb: isobar
ipam: impair
oodn: indoor
eosm: isomer
7
epalm: impaler
ioscn: incisor
oasfn: insofar
etihc: itchier
etign: igniter
eedxn: indexer
eticn: inciter
uasln: insular
eokvn: invoker
eetgn: integer
erusn: insurer
eahln: inhaler
eisdn: insider
eocnm: incomer
eibbm: imbiber
eadvn: invader
8
eroppm: improper
toopsm: impostor
ertion: interior
tooasl: isolator
erofnm: informer
tuodcn: inductor
easdln: islander
etopsm: imposter
ertopm: importer
etosvn: investor
eropvm: improver
etojcn: injector
eriofn: inferior
ttioam: imitator
etovnn: inventor
ertudn: intruder
eertvn: inverter
qeruin: inquirer
etusln: insulter
eudgln: indulger
9
etaslln: installer
tiiohbn: inhibitor
etopscn: inspector
ertiohn: inheritor
tuoasln: insulator
eeepknn: innkeeper
ttiioan: initiator
tooavnn: innovator
eeiglvn: inveigler
tuoacbn: incubator
erruagl: irregular
etiflcn: inflicter
tioadcn: indicator
10
rttuoscn: instructor
eertopln: interloper
qtuiiosn: inquisitor
ttioasgn: instigator
erttoagn: integrator
eetiidfn: identifier
eroognnm: ironmonger
rtuipamm: imprimatur
eeerrtfn: interferer
11
ertuoalcn: interocular
eeerrttpn: interpreter
rttioafln: infiltrator
eeetplnmm: implementer
eiioslbmm: immobiliser
weeertivn: interviewer
rttuoasll: illustrator
ertioacnn: incinerator
tiioaglvn: invigilator
eerttopcn: interceptor
12
errttooagn: interrogator
ertoopasnm: impersonator
eerttaslln: interstellar
eertualcnn: internuclear
ettioasgvn: investigator
erttuoolcn: interlocutor
13
rtuuaaslcnm: intramuscular
ertuaalllcn: intracellular
rttiooadcnn: indoctrinator
14
eertuoallcnm: intermolecular
eeeerrttofnm: interferometer

iu
9
rtoppmm: impromptu
4
gl: iglu

it
2
: it
4
sn: isnt
5
upn: input
esl: islet
eln: inlet
uin: inuit
epn: inept
ogn: ingot
esn: inset
ern: inert
iod: idiot
6
eisc: iciest
evnn: invent
ednn: indent
ervn: invert
esvn: invest
escn: incest, insect
idcn: indict
usln: insult
udcn: induct
acnn: incant
esgn: ingest
efcn: infect
ersn: insert
afnn: infant
esdl: idlest
osnm: inmost
tacn: intact
etnn: intent
rpam: impart
issn: insist
ejcn: inject
ropm: import
pacm: impact
esfn: infest
opkn: inkpot
7
iillc: illicit
iihbn: inhibit
uilbn: inbuilt
qeusn: inquest
tasnn: instant
erihn: inherit
epscn: inspect
palnm: implant
ripnm: imprint
eaxcn: inexact
rafcn: infarct
eflcn: inflect
iahbn: inhabit
isghn: insight
iflcn: inflict
eiskn: inkiest
8
eertsn: interest
eridcn: indirect
uaslnn: insulant
eannmm: immanent
ertucn: intercut
eertnn: internet
eocnnn: innocent
iiplcm: implicit
rrtian: irritant
eidcnn: incident
eedcnn: indecent
eupdnm: impudent
etopnm: impotent
aahlnn: inhalant
einnmm: imminent
iadcnn: indicant
eerpxn: inexpert
etishc: itchiest
eerhnn: inherent
ertacn: interact
eiodlc: idiolect
rtuscn: instruct
eodlnn: indolent
eiasdl: idealist
eosdmm: immodest
roagnn: ignorant
tiscnn: instinct
eoslnn: insolent
9
eeplnmm: implement
eiipcnn: incipient
riaavnn: invariant
eerpfcm: imperfect
eertjcn: interject
eoslvnn: insolvent
eercnnm: increment
ertidcn: interdict
eelcnnm: inclement
roafnnm: informant
eeaglnn: inelegant
iadgnnn: indignant
eetllcn: intellect
etissnn: insistent
ertiann: itinerant
eerrtpn: interpret
rtopanm: important
easscnn: incessant
eertscn: intersect
errtovn: introvert
euiosdn: insideout
erosnnm: innermost
etipanm: impatient
eertnnm: interment
erusgnn: insurgent
eertpcn: intercept
eucbnnm: incumbent
riagnmm: immigrant
erroccn: incorrect
eudglnn: indulgent
errtupn: interrupt
erupdnm: imprudent
10
etaslnnm: instalment
eerisdcn: indiscreet, iridescent
eetsvnnm: investment
eertnnnm: internment
ertusnnm: instrument
eripanmm: impairment
toascnnn: inconstant
uioascnn: insouciant
tiisdcnn: indistinct
qeerufnn: infrequent
etidcnnm: indictment
tiaahbnn: inhabitant
tioaxcnn: intoxicant
eeudcnnm: inducement
eeticnnm: incitement
eerohcnn: incoherent
eeipdnmm: impediment
eeerrrvn: irreverent
ooaslccn: iconoclast
eeridgnn: ingredient
eioosdgl: ideologist
eerralvn: irrelevant
uiallnnm: illuminant
ertoalnn: intolerant
11
eeolvvnnm: involvement
eerpannmm: impermanent
uiiosslln: illusionist
eeeipdxnn: inexpedient
eeridffnn: indifferent
eeepddnnn: independent
eertadvnn: inadvertent
eeropvnmm: improvement
eeipgnnmm: impingement
eeiiffcnn: inefficient
eriipaslm: imperialist
etiocnnnn: incontinent
eepahcnmm: impeachment
eetigllnn: intelligent
eertipnnm: impertinent
eetopcnnm: incompetent
eriopdvnm: improvident
12
eerifgnnnm: infringement
eertoccnnn: interconnect
etiosscnnn: inconsistent
ertiasgnnn: intransigent
eeasdccnnn: incandescent
ttuiiiosnn: intuitionist
tiiooassln: isolationist
uioosglnmm: immunologist
eriopsnnmm: imprisonment
euiisffcnn: insufficient
eeiocvnnnn: inconvenient
eertttinnm: intermittent
13
rtuiiassdln: industrialist
uiiiasddlvn: individualist
iiiasfgcnnn: insignificant
eriiopsssnm: impressionist
14
eeeertpddnnn: interdependent
eeriopshvnmm: impoverishment
erttiioasgnn: integrationist
15
eerttiiosvnnn: interventionist
erttuiasslnnm: instrumentalist
16
erttiioaaslnnn: internationalist

iw
9
eertivn: interview
5
aln: inlaw
6
ofln: inflow

vo
8
rtuios: virtuoso
4
et: veto
in: vino
5
eid: video
6
oood: voodoo
riag: virago
7
ertig: vertigo
rtiab: vibrato
oalcn: volcano

ii
4
pm: impi
5
qra: iraqi
7
erasl: israeli

ih
4
cn: inch
tc: itch
5
ris: irish
6
rusn: inrush
ipsm: impish
7
eigvn: inveigh
epacm: impeach
etpdn: indepth
8
uascnm: inasmuch
roopsm: isomorph
10
eriopsvm: impoverish

ik
8
wrroon: ironwork
9
ertabnn: interbank
ertolcn: interlock
3
r: irk
l: ilk
n: ink
7
eipcc: icepick
epacc: icepack

vs
4
ei: vies
wo: vows
an: vans
im: vims
et: vets
ta: vats
5
edn: vends
eto: votes
eer: veers
ial: vials
eun: venus
wei: views
tol: volts
pam: vamps
ias: visas
rui: virus
eal: vales
ean: vanes
eas: vases
iod: voids
ets: vests
eex: vexes
eol: voles
eic: vices
eib: vibes
erb: verbs
etn: vents
eil: veils
ein: veins, vines
6
erto: voters
iall: villas
yiln: vinyls
eria: varies
ealv: valves
eonm: venoms
eual: values
erip: vipers
eerg: verges
eers: verses
etal: valets
oalc: vocals
ioal: violas
rios: visors
euon: venous
eagn: vegans
tias: vistas
eioc: voices
erus: versus
tial: vitals
eixn: vixens
tiis: visits
eiod: videos
iigl: vigils
weol: vowels
tual: vaults
eeun: venues
tiom: vomits
riac: vicars
7
ruopa: vapours
eetlv: velvets
eerdn: venders
uuoac: vacuous
aadln: vandals
eryuo: voyeurs
eeigg: veggies
eyoll: volleys
ruioa: various
euohc: vouches
aassl: vassals
etaac: vacates
ertui: virtues
riign: virgins
weeri: viewers
etiol: violets
eessl: vessels
iiosn: visions
euolm: volumes
uiasl: visuals
uiioc: vicious
eralb: verbals
erodn: vendors
uuacm: vacuums
uiosc: viscous
eruis: viruses
iioln: violins
rtioc: victors
eyoag: voyages
eeern: veneers
iigkn: vikings
eyall: valleys
eerps: vespers
tiicm: victims
ertoc: vectors
erual: valuers
8
euuisv: vesuvius
ertiaa: variates
ettiia: vitiates
tuiadc: viaducts
eertun: ventures
etoagl: voltages
eriagn: vinegars
eryoag: voyagers
etiian: vanities
eiaccn: vaccines
eertox: vortexes
eeihlc: vehicles
euoalc: vacuoles
rtiios: visitors
eraadn: verandas
tuialc: victuals
etignn: ventings
eeisln: vileness
weiign: viewings
iiogcn: voicings
ertuul: vultures
eiagll: villages
eetosl: voteless
ertiab: vibrates
ruioog: vigorous
iialln: villains
eeislc: vesicles
ruoopa: vaporous
tiianm: vitamins
eryioc: viceroys
eetisg: vestiges
eertii: verities
ertidc: verdicts
eriosn: versions
eertic: vertices
rtuuio: virtuous
eripam: vampires
rtaagn: vagrants
etiagn: vintages
etassn: vastness
rtiaan: variants
ertioc: vortices
eiashn: vanishes
ertuio: vitreous
euoonm: venomous
etioal: violates
eertan: veterans
eruohc: vouchers
eeriif: verifies
9
tioaslc: vocalists
eriaagc: vicarages
eriashn: varnishes
eriagll: villagers
tuioscn: viscounts
ertialc: verticals
eruionm: verminous
euaallb: valuables
eettign: vignettes
eeialcn: valencies
eraadhn: verandahs
rtiooal: violators
rrtioab: vibrators
eriaacn: variances
ruiooac: voracious
ruiioac: vicarious
etiaadl: validates
tioaacn: vacations
uiioacv: vivacious
eerriif: verifiers
etioall: volatiles
eertiia: varieties
etioaxn: vexations
tiooacn: vocations
eettsnm: vestments
eeuasll: valueless
ertiioc: victories
eiisdvn: vividness
eryiadn: vineyards
erriidg: verdigris
eettadn: vendettas
eriaalb: variables
eeertan: venerates
eiaaccn: vacancies
eeuasgn: vagueness
oaadgbn: vagabonds
etuioax: vexatious
eeioslc: voiceless
10
etiiagln: vigilantes
eertilcn: ventricles
rtiioabn: vibrations
etiiadcn: vindicates
tiiiosln: violinists
eeeetlvn: velveteens
rtuiiooc: victorious
eeetaglb: vegetables
eetuislb: vestibules
tiiooaln: violations
tuioaaln: valuations
eruioofc: vociferous
uiioalln: villainous
rtiioaan: variations
eetiopad: videotapes
etiiiicn: vicinities
etiislcm: victimless
wetiiopn: viewpoints
etiiiscm: victimises
eetiiolc: velocities
tuuuoopl: voluptuous
uuioolnm: voluminous
eertuoln: volunteers
11
erttioaln: ventilators
ertuiiagl: vulgarities
eertiaagn: vegetarians
ertuiiogn: vertiginous
eeerossbn: verboseness
eriiioasn: visionaries
euiiosscn: viciousness
weeriidfn: viewfinders
eeerrttab: vertebrates
ttiiioasn: visitations
eetioascm: vasectomies
12
ruiiooagln: vainglorious
tiioaallcn: vacillations
eruioaalcb: vocabularies
etiiiiislb: visibilities
etuiiissdc: vicissitudes
tiioaaccnn: vaccinations
13
tiiooaaslcn: vocalisations
ertiiioafcn: verifications
14
eeertiipsdcn: vicepresidents
etuuuoopssln: voluptuousness
eetiiisdcvnn: vindictiveness
qerttuiiosln: ventriloquists
15
eertuiiiallbn: vulnerabilities
ettiiiiosscvn: vivisectionists
eerioahllcccn: vicechancellors

im
2
: im
4
ed: idem
am: imam
et: item
5
eul: ileum
iod: idiom
asl: islam
6
rifn: infirm
rofn: inform
7
ruiid: iridium
ertin: interim
roasg: isogram
8
eeracc: icecream
ertocn: intercom
eiasdl: idealism
eruipm: imperium
10
ooaslccn: iconoclasm
11
rioopsshm: isomorphism
eriipaslm: imperialism
eerrtugnn: interregnum
12
tiiooassln: isolationism
13
rtuiiassdln: industrialism
uiiiasddlvn: individualism
eriiopsssnm: impressionism
15
eerttiiosvnnn: interventionism
eettuiaslllcn: intellectualism
16
tttuiiioasslnn: institutionalism
erttiioaaslnnn: internationalism

il
3
l: ill
4
tl: itll
od: idol
5
ydl: idyll
epm: impel
ead: ideal
6
ifln: infill
eras: israel
tisn: instil
7
tiian: initial
eidfn: infidel
eagll: illegal
tasln: install
wekln: inkwell
roamm: immoral
eripm: imperil
8
rtoamm: immortal
ertann: internal
ertian: inertial
ertavn: interval
erafnn: infernal
ertagn: integral
eripam: imperial
tuasbn: istanbul
roafnm: informal
rioacn: ironical
iiacnm: inimical
9
ioagllc: illogical
rtipaam: impartial
etiadcn: identical
eriallb: illiberal
ruuaagn: inaugural
10
ertiaamm: immaterial
eropasnm: impersonal
rrtioaan: irrational
rtuiasdn: industrial
ertoashm: isothermal
uiiaddvn: individual
rrtuaanm: intramural
tuisfghn: insightful
ettiasnn: intestinal
erttiadn: intertidal
etiadcnn: incidental
erioammm: immemorial
11
errtiaacn: interracial
etuiaflnn: influential
eetiassnn: inessential
eiooadglc: ideological
rtipaaccm: impractical
ttuiascnn: instinctual
eertiafnn: inferential
ettioannn: intentional
eertacnnm: incremental
eroaasdhc: icosahedral
eetuaffcn: ineffectual
12
etioaflcnn: inflectional
erttuasnnm: instrumental
ertiaaglcn: interglacial
ttiooaannn: intonational
ertuiaglnn: interlingual
ertttiiasn: interstitial
eettuallcn: intellectual
etiiasdccn: insecticidal
13
qtuiiioasnn: inquisitional
uiooaglcnmm: immunological
eerrtopasnn: interpersonal
rtiiopaasnn: inspirational
ttuiaassbnn: insubstantial
erttioaacnn: interactional
rtiooaafnnm: informational
rttuioascnn: instructional
etiiiasfnnm: infinitesimal
qrtuiiioasn: inquisitorial
tttuiioasnn: institutional
erttioaannn: international
14
rioopaaghccn: iconographical
eerttioajcnn: interjectional
15
eerrtiiopascm: isoperimetrical
rrrttuuaasfcn: infrastructural
qeetuioascnnn: inconsequential
rtiioopaasvnm: improvisational
16
eertttioacnnnn: intercontinental
eerrtttiopaann: interpretational
17
eeerrttoagvnnnm: intergovernmental
eeerrtttpaadnnm: interdepartmental
19
eerttiiooaadnnnnm: interdenominational

io
4
tn: into
fn: info
5
ogl: igloo
agm: imago
rtn: intro
adh: idaho
6
idgn: indigo
7
erfnn: inferno
8
tiagln: intaglio
eudnnn: innuendo
9
tiogcnn: incognito
rioglbm: imbroglio
10
erripasm: impresario
13
uioadccnnmm: incommunicado

in
2
: in
3
o: ion
n: inn
4
ro: iron
oc: icon
ra: iran
5
esb: ibsen
6
ertn: intern
robn: inborn
eacm: iceman
iadn: indian
upgm: impugn
ioan: ionian
7
wrogn: ingrown
uahnm: inhuman
eriab: iberian
wradn: indrawn
riaan: iranian
uisln: insulin
tiaal: italian
8
ioasvn: invasion
uiosfn: infusion
tiiogn: ignition
iioscn: incision
riopsm: imprison
erishm: irishmen
tioacn: inaction
uiosll: illusion
riashm: irishman
9
ioopslm: implosion
etiopcn: inception
uioslcn: inclusion
euohcnm: ichneumon
ertiosn: insertion
etiosgn: ingestion
erttioa: iteration
tiooasl: isolation
eriosvn: inversion
ruioscn: incursion
tuiodcn: induction
rrtuiop: irruption
ttiioam: imitation
etiojcn: injection
uiopslm: impulsion
eioflxn: inflexion
etiofcn: infection
tiopacm: impaction
ettionn: intention
ttuiion: intuition
rtuiosn: intrusion
tioafln: inflation
eriosmm: immersion
etiovnn: invention
10
eriossgn: ingression
tiioopsm: imposition
eerrtofn: interferon
tiioflcn: infliction
weertovn: interwoven
eiiosdcn: indecision
ttiioanm: intimation
rtioafcn: infarction, infraction
tiooalmm: immolation
tuiojcnn: injunction
tiiooasn: ionisation
tuioacbn: incubation
tiooavnn: innovation
etiopscn: inspection
tuioolvn: involution
tuioadnn: inundation
tuioasln: insulation
tiiiohbn: inhibition
etioflcn: inflection
etioadxn: indexation
rrttiioa: irritation
eriopssm: impression
tiooacvn: invocation
tioaahln: inhalation
tiioadcn: indication
ttiiioan: initiation
ttuiopam: imputation
ttiioavn: invitation
rrtiioag: irrigation
ttiooann: intonation
11
rtiiopasn: inspiration
tiioadgnn: indignation
rtiiopscn: inscription
ertiopacm: imprecation
qtuiiiosn: inquisition
erttioacn: interaction
tiiopalcm: implication
ertioavnn: innervation
tttuiiosn: institution
erttioagn: integration
erooasdhc: icosahedron
rtiioagmm: immigration
tiioaagnm: imagination
tuioalccn: inculcation
tuiooalcn: inoculation
rtiooafnm: information
rtyaafnnm: infantryman
etttioann: inattention
ertyafnnm: infantrymen
ertiioabn: inebriation
rrtiioaad: irradiation
rtioaacnn: incarnation
eriiopscm: imprecision
ttioaacnn: incantation
etiiosdgn: indigestion
rttuioscn: instruction
ttiioasgn: instigation
ttuioaafn: infatuation
tiioalcnn: inclination
tiiooasdl: idolisation
tuiioasnn: insinuation
ertiiodcn: indirection
ettioadnn: indentation
rttioopam: importation
ettioasfn: infestation
12
rttuioodcn: introduction
tuiioallnm: illumination
ertiiosdcn: indiscretion
ttiiioadnm: intimidation
eerttiojcn: interjection
eertiopfcm: imperfection
tuiioasnmm: immunisation
eerttiopcn: interception
errttuiopn: interruption
eerttiovnn: intervention
ertiopagnm: impregnation
etiioasnnm: insemination
etiioaasdl: idealisation
rttuioasll: illustration
ertiioacnn: incineration
rttiioafln: infiltration
ttiioaacvn: inactivation
ttiioaslln: instillation
errtioosvn: introversion
tioaaflnmm: inflammation
rtuuioaagn: inauguration
ttiopaalnm: implantation
ertiiossnm: intermission
tiioaadlvn: invalidation
errtuioscn: insurrection
ttiiooaxcn: intoxication
ttioaaslln: installation
errtuioosl: irresolution
eerttioscn: intersection
eertiosscn: intercession
13
eerrttioaln: interrelation
erttioopscn: introspection
errttiooagn: interrogation
ertioopasnm: impersonation
tuiiioaddvn: individuation
tiiioopssdn: indisposition
rtiioopasvm: improvisation
erttiioopsn: interposition
tttiioaasnn: instantiation
rrtiooopacn: incorporation
erttioopaln: interpolation
ttiiioaaslc: italicisation
errtioaaccn: incarceration
ettiioasgvn: investigation
rtiiioacnnm: incrimination
14
eettiopalnmm: implementation
rttiiooadcnn: indoctrination
ttiiiioaasln: initialisation
eerttioacnnm: incrementation
ttiiopaaaccn: incapacitation
eerrtttiopan: interpretation
eerttiopalln: interpellation
tiiiooaslbmm: immobilisation
ettiiioadfcn: identification
15
ertttuioasnnm: instrumentation
eerrtiooscvnn: interconversion
eerttiooccnnn: interconnection
erttiioaaslnn: internalisation
rtuiiooasdbnn: insubordination
ettiiioasfcnn: intensification
eerioopshcnnm: incomprehension
16
eeerrtttiopann: interpenetration
17
rttuiiioaassdln: industrialisation
eruuiooppsssnmm: immunosuppression
18
erttuiiooaccnnmm: intercommunication
20
ertttiiiooaaaslnnn: internationalisation
ttttuiiiiooaasslnn: institutionalisation

ia
4
ed: idea
cn: inca
to: iota
5
idn: india
rfn: infra
6
palm: impala
udnn: induna
erib: iberia
uagn: iguana
adbn: indaba
7
iadnn: indiana
tafnn: infanta
ertin: inertia
8
iisgnn: insignia
tiadfn: intifada
iosnnm: insomnia
9
euflznn: influenza
10
eroasdhc: icosahedra
11
eetipdnmm: impedimenta
14
eettiisgllnn: intelligentsia

vy
4
ra: vary
er: very
6
ialb: viably
tasl: vastly
eoll: volley
ialn: vainly
eill: vilely
tian: vanity
iifl: vilify
eril: verily
erif: verify
erti: verity
eall: valley
erts: vestry
7
rtioc: victory
tuiac: vacuity
ertia: variety
eetlv: velvety
tiall: vitally
iislb: visibly
aaccn: vacancy
rtias: varsity
euagl: vaguely
ealcn: valency
erioc: viceroy
oallc: vocally
uollb: volubly
iidlv: vividly
iadll: validly
8
tiiacv: vivacity
riacbn: vibrancy
ertiac: veracity
ttiial: vitality
rioogl: virology
uiasll: visually
etialn: venality
etiolc: velocity
tiiadl: validity
rtioac: voracity
taalcn: vacantly
raagcn: vagrancy
erallb: verbally
ruagll: vulgarly
iialln: villainy
tiiicn: vicinity
riaalb: variably
rtiiil: virility
9
tiiialb: viability
rtiiign: virginity
etoascm: vasectomy
rtuoaln: voluntary
rtialbn: vibrantly
ertialb: veritably
tiiossc: viscosity
rrtioab: vibratory
eeroslb: verbosely
uuoaslc: vacuously
ruioasl: variously
riioasn: visionary
uiioslc: viciously
rtuiall: virtually
rioagln: vainglory
tiaalln: valiantly
ertalln: ventrally
etiolln: violently
rttiioc: vorticity
rtuiagl: vulgarity
ertiosb: verbosity
10
eeufglln: vengefully
rtuuiosl: virtuously
eerrtian: veterinary
rttuiios: virtuosity
ertiallc: vertically
tuiiollb: volubility
eeethlnm: vehemently
ruoaalcb: vocabulary
ruioosgl: vigorously
tiiiislb: visibility
ertuilln: virulently
euooslnm: venomously
tiiaglln: vigilantly
ttiioall: volatility
11
qertuioln: ventriloquy
erttiialc: verticality
iiasghlnn: vanishingly
ruiioaslc: vicariously
rtuioalln: voluntarily
rtiiiaalb: variability
ertioadlc: valedictory
ruiooaslc: voraciously
erttiiasl: versatility
uiioaslcv: vivaciously
12
eruioosflc: vociferously
etiiidlcvn: vindictively
tiooaallcn: vocationally
tuuuoopsll: voluptuously
rtuiiooslc: victoriously
ioaalllccn: volcanically
13
eeruooaflnm: valueformoney
ertuiiallbn: vulnerability
rtiioaallbn: vibrationally
ertiiiiaflb: verifiability
14
eeeriipsdccn: vicepresidency

ic
5
ion: ionic
6
tial: italic
rion: ironic
iabm: iambic
iocn: iconic
7
iaslm: islamic
iogll: illogic
tiiod: idiotic
yidll: idyllic
8
tioosn: isotonic
tioops: isotopic
eriosm: isomeric
9
rtiisnn: intrinsic
tiioplm: impolitic
tiioadm: idiomatic
ertiosm: isometric
eiilcbm: imbecilic
rioagnn: inorganic
ioasnnm: insomniac
etiasln: inelastic
ttioass: isostatic
rtioops: isotropic
10
tiiopadh: idiopathic
rioopshm: isomorphic
etiiasdl: idealistic
ertioagn: iatrogenic
11
erttioanm: interatomic
erioopshn: ionospheric
eriopadgh: ideographic
12
rioopaghcn: iconographic
tiooaslccn: iconoclastic
13
rtyiioasdcn: idiosyncratic
ertiiipaslm: imperialistic
erttiaaglcn: intergalactic
15
tuiiiiasddlvn: individualistic
eeerrrttiofnm: interferometric
ertiiiopsssnm: impressionistic

wh
4
as: wash
is: wish
ti: with
5
rta: wrath
icn: winch
ecn: wench
rto: worth
eig: weigh
tac: watch
tid: width
ihc: which
esl: welsh
tic: witch
6
rtia: wraith
erta: wreath
ertc: wretch
oosh: whoosh
ercn: wrench
etal: wealth
rtam: warmth
7
iosfl: wolfish
rtpaa: warpath
ipass: waspish
eiask: weakish
iasgg: waggish
riasm: warmish
tiish: whitish
8
ipashl: whiplash
ioasnm: womanish
9
rtiosdm: wordsmith
wetiash: whitewash
erokcbn: workbench
weertih: wherewith
10
eetaglvn: wavelength
wrttiasc: wristwatch

ie
3
c: ice
r: ire
v: ive
4
dl: idle
sl: isle
5
agm: image
run: inure
ann: inane
uss: issue
ubm: imbue
rta: irate
6
ocnm: income
usfn: infuse
ahln: inhale
tonn: intone
ibbm: imbibe
unmm: immune
palm: impale
tidn: indite
udcn: induce
isdn: inside
rupm: impure
opsm: impose
okvn: invoke
osln: insole
ojkn: injoke
takn: intake
eagc: iceage
tign: ignite
advn: invade
iosn: ionise
tupm: impute
iodn: iodine
rogn: ignore
tivn: invite
epdm: impede
ilcc: icicle
ticn: incite
tann: innate
tanm: inmate
rujn: injure
rusn: insure
iodd: iodide
odln: indole
asnn: insane
7
toops: isotope
escnn: incense
oglbn: ignoble
passm: impasse
ipgnm: impinge
ropvm: improve
udgln: indulge
qruin: inquire
olvvn: involve
etsnn: intense
toasl: isolate
roagn: ironage
roskm: irksome
roshn: inshore
aflnm: inflame
opdlm: implode
ttiam: imitate
roplm: implore
esnmm: immense
iocvn: invoice
ersvn: inverse
ripsn: inspire
uoshn: inhouse
rtudn: intrude
ersmm: immerse
rtagn: ingrate
iosdl: idolise
ertta: iterate
tafln: inflate
udlcn: include
etism: itemise
tafnn: infante
upslm: impulse
iagnm: imagine
ilcnn: incline
8
tascnn: instance
uisnmm: immunise
tuacbn: incubate
tiifnn: infinite
tioplm: impolite
eilcbm: imbecile
uasslb: issuable
riscbn: inscribe
tuadnn: inundate
tiacvn: inactive
rrttia: irritate
etaskc: iceskate
ttiian: initiate
rrtiag: irrigate
rtuign: intrigue
eidlbn: inedible
toavnn: innovate
iasvvn: invasive
tuasln: insulate
iolbmm: immobile
toahcn: inchoate
tiadcn: indicate
rtuamm: immature
toalmm: immolate
rifgnn: infringe
etilnm: ilmenite
ttianm: intimate
erascn: increase
uahnnm: inhumane
tuolvn: involute
uillnm: illumine
uisllv: illusive
eiasdl: idealise
eiglvn: inveigle
uasscn: issuance
eruscn: insecure
iiscvn: incisive
9
rtoosnn: ironstone
etttasn: intestate
rtuopnm: importune
ertopsn: interpose
uosllbn: insoluble
riaslcb: irascible
ertalcn: interlace
etivvnn: inventive
tuisjcn: injustice
ettisnn: intestine
eacnnmm: immanence
uidlcbn: inducible
tiaannm: inanimate
eertdcn: intercede
eicnnmm: imminence
rtuodcn: introduce
ttiiavm: imitative
ertudln: interlude
euoodgl: ideologue
tuoalcn: inoculate
etopcnm: impotence
rrtialb: irritable
rtiagmm: immigrate
paalcbn: incapable
eoslcnn: insolence
rtuisvn: intrusive
ertiabn: inebriate
rttiacn: intricate
tualccn: inculcate
epadcnm: impedance
euflcnn: influence
ipassvm: impassive
rualcbn: incurable
oalvbmm: immovable
opaslbm: imposable
aalcbnm: imbalance
tipalcm: implicate
qrtuoan: inquorate
oaklvbn: invokable
uiadlbn: inaudible
eidccnn: incidence
eerrtfn: interfere
eripscm: imprecise
iislvbn: invisible
tioalvn: inviolate
tualbmm: immutable
eerfcnn: inference
roagcnn: ignorance
roaglbn: ignorable
uislcvn: inclusive
tuiasnn: insinuate
rtaacnn: incarnate
ttiasgn: instigate
eoccnnn: innocence
ttuaafn: infatuate
riopsvm: improvise
rtuiafn: infuriate
erttagn: integrate
tiiaslc: italicise
etiadmm: immediate
ruascnn: insurance
rrtiaad: irradiate
tttuisn: institute
erttiav: iterative
ertafcn: interface
tiaflnn: infantile
eupdcnm: impudence
ttuiivn: intuitive
eticvnn: incentive
eodlcnn: indolence
etifcvn: infective
eertvnn: intervene
eticvvn: invective
eriscnn: insincere
tuidcvn: inductive
ertifln: infertile
uipslvm: impulsive
etisvnn: intensive
eidllbn: indelible
iopssdn: indispose
eiglllb: illegible
eafflbn: ineffable
10
paallcbm: implacable
riaalvbn: invariable
eridlcbn: incredible
ropalvbm: improvable
errtuosl: irresolute
eiasflbn: infeasible
eiisdcvn: indecisive
qetuaadn: inadequate
iioslbmm: immobilise
eroalxbn: inexorable
taafllbn: inflatable
rttiaagn: ingratiate
eripssvm: impressive
eeaglcnn: inelegance
upaglbnm: impugnable
tiadlcbn: indictable
rtuuaagn: inaugurate
etiidfnn: indefinite
tiiiasln: initialise
rtioagvn: invigorate
rtioadnn: inordinate
eiigllbn: ineligible
tiaadlvn: invalidate
ertiacnn: incinerate
eropalbn: inoperable
tuadccnn: inductance
erupdcnm: imprudence
tiiifvnn: infinitive
eifllxbn: inflexible
riaacvnn: invariance
etoplcnm: incomplete
rtopalbm: importable
eoalvbmm: immoveable
tiaaslbn: insatiable
paasslbm: impassable
etisscnn: insistence
ertipavm: imperative
tiialbnm: inimitable
eroopshn: ionosphere
etajlcbn: injectable
eisslbnn: insensible
rttuasll: illustrate
iaflllbn: infallible
ropalbbm: improbable
eertalvn: interleave
uaallvbn: invaluable
ertpagnm: impregnate
tioavvnn: innovative
eudglcnn: indulgence
ettuipdn: ineptitude
rtopacnm: importance
iilcvbnn: invincible
eerttavn: inveterate
erttiall: illiterate
ertaglbn: integrable
etiadlcn: indelicate
etipacnm: impatience
ttioaxcn: intoxicate
ttiiadnm: intimidate
ertilvbn: invertible
ioallvbn: inviolable
tuaalcmm: immaculate
tiaglbnn: intangible
tuiallnm: illuminate
rtuaaccn: inaccurate
tiiadcvn: indicative
epalccbm: impeccable
tiiaglvn: invigilate
ertoadmm: immoderate
ertuannm: innumerate
iislcbmm: immiscible
iopsslbm: impossible
rttiafln: infiltrate
iaaglbnm: imaginable
etialvbn: inevitable
ttiiiavn: initiative
ppaallbm: impalpable
tuiidfnn: infinitude
werttinn: intertwine
11
errtuoscn: intercourse
erupaslbn: insuperable
qetuialbn: inequitable
erttiacvn: interactive
ertaghcnn: interchange
tuiadlbbn: indubitable
erttuisvn: investiture
tiiadfcnn: infanticide
ettiasgvn: investigate
eerralcvn: irrelevance
qtuiiisvn: inquisitive
rtuooppnn: inopportune
erpaglbnm: impregnable
errrpaalb: irreparable
eiosffvnn: inoffensive
rtiiacnnm: incriminate
epaaslcbn: inescapable
eiaallbnn: inalienable
weeertivn: interviewee
erttopaln: interpolate
erttiagvn: integrative
rttaalcbn: intractable
eerttpanm: intemperate
euaslxcbn: inexcusable
tiiaagvnm: imaginative
iiisdlvbn: indivisible
rrtoopacn: incorporate
tiaahlbbn: inhabitable
eetiffcvn: ineffective
uipasllbm: implausible
rttuopanm: importunate
ertiaslnn: internalise
etiaslbnm: inestimable
ertiopavn: inoperative
etiisdccn: insecticide
eeerrrcvn: irreverence
erpaaslbn: inseparable
tiialllbm: illimitable
eerrttaln: interrelate
rtioafvnm: informative
ttiiscvnn: instinctive
uioasccnn: insouciance
rttuiadgn: ingratitude
errttoagn: interrogate
ertoalcnn: intolerance
ertoallbn: intolerable
tttiaasnn: instantiate
taaslllbn: installable
rttuiscvn: instructive
etttiavnn: inattentive
rtuaslcbn: inscrutable
ertiahcnn: inheritance
eerisdccn: iridescence
aafllbnmm: inflammable
errtuaflb: irrefutable
erruidlcb: irreducible
eerohccnn: incoherence
tioadlbnm: indomitable
etuallcbn: ineluctable
erroalvbm: irremovable
ertopasnm: impersonate
ertiahlbn: inheritable
eerrtpssn: intersperse
etiissvnn: insensitive
erualbnnm: innumerable
eerpalbmm: impermeable
erroalcvb: irrevocable
iaasdlvbn: inadvisable
eiadflbnn: indefinable
eeipsxvnn: inexpensive
12
eerrrislvb: irreversible
eerpacnnmm: impermanence
eruallvbnn: invulnerable
eeiasdflbn: indefeasible
eertpalbnm: impenetrable
eropadlbnm: imponderable
ooasllcbnn: inconsolable
eriaadlcbn: ineradicable
eeerrtfcnn: interference
errttuiann: intrauterine
uaalllccbn: incalculable
etioccnnnn: incontinence
eeridffcnn: indifference
rttiiasvnn: intransitive
tiopalcbnm: incompatible
errtiisslb: irresistible
eetopccnnm: incompetence
etiiglllbn: intelligible
eerrttipvn: interpretive
eeisdflbnn: indefensible
eruaaslbmm: immeasurable
erroasllvb: irresolvable
ropaalcbnm: incomparable
uioslccvnn: inconclusive
eetigllcnn: intelligence
eiadllcbnn: indeclinable
eeeripxcnn: inexperience
eriopdcvnm: improvidence
eerrtipscv: irrespective
eerriadlbm: irremediable
eiasslccbn: inaccessible
ertialxcbn: inextricable
iiassdlbnm: inadmissible
eerttiadnm: intermediate
ettiiagllm: illegitimate
iiipsdlcnn: indiscipline
rriioglcbn: incorrigible
eetislxbnn: inextensible
ippaallcbn: inapplicable
rttioadcnn: indoctrinate
uiossdllbn: indissoluble
eipallxcbn: inexplicable
eertadcvnn: inadvertence
eeerradlbm: irredeemable
eruasfflbn: insufferable
rroopalcbn: incorporable
eertpacnnm: intemperance
ertialbnnm: interminable
tiopashlbn: inhospitable
eeepddcnnn: independence
tuipasdlbn: indisputable
eripashlbm: imperishable
rttuiasllv: illustrative
eertipcnnm: impertinence
etiiadflbn: identifiable
ttipaaaccn: incapacitate
eerrttavbn: invertebrate
etiisdglbn: indigestible
ettuiadxcn: inexactitude
rttuiaalcn: inarticulate
erttopascn: inspectorate
13
eriipsslbmm: impermissible
errrtiaagnm: intermarriage
rtipaalccbm: impracticable
eerrrtialvb: irretrievable
etiaadfglbn: indefatigable
eerrroalcvb: irrecoverable
tuioslcbbnm: incombustible
rrtuioplcbn: incorruptible
errttioagvn: interrogative
eioalccvbnn: inconceivable
eipassdlbnn: indispensable
eerrpaallcb: irreplaceable
eerttiadnnm: indeterminate
eeripsslxbn: inexpressible
eeasdcccnnn: incandescence
eerrttpalbn: interpretable
eerrripsslb: irrepressible
rtuoppaslbn: insupportable
rrtiopppaan: inappropriate
rtuiiassdln: industrialise
ertiasgcnnn: intransigence
ertioasdcnn: inconsiderate
etuiashlxbn: inexhaustible
rtuioasdbnn: insubordinate
ettiiasgvvn: investigative
ettoaslcbnn: incontestable
eeioccvnnnn: inconvenience
errtupalbbm: imperturbable
eerrtopalbn: interoperable
erriopsslbn: irresponsible
eriasdlcbbn: indescribable
eetpallbnmm: implementable
erttiopscvn: introspective
eertipplcbm: imperceptible
14
erttuisdlcbn: indestructible
eerrtttipavn: interpretative
eriopasslbnm: impressionable
errropaahlcb: irreproachable
iiiasfgccnnn: insignificance
rtiiiasdcnnm: indiscriminate
rrrttuuasfcn: infrastructure
erioasdlcbnn: inconsiderable
rtuuoaslbnnm: insurmountable
errioallccbn: irreconcilable
uioalccbnnmm: incommunicable
erttopaallbn: interpolatable
eeripadhlcbn: indecipherable
eertiadlbnnm: indeterminable
eriopsslcbnm: incompressible
15
eertaaghlcbnn: interchangeable
eeeertpddcnnn: interdependence
eerttioagllcn: intercollegiate
eruoaslcbnnmm: incommensurable
16
tttuiiioasslnn: institutionalise
etuiiasghlxbnn: inextinguishable
erttuioaccnnmm: intercommunicate
errttioolcvbnn: incontrovertible
eeriopshlcbnnm: incomprehensible
17
eruuioppsssvnmm: immunosuppressive
tuiiiassdghlbnn: indistinguishable

id
2
: id
4
ec: iced
5
ial: iliad
erk: irked
edl: idled
ekn: inked
6
euss: issued
pakn: inkpad
alnn: inland
eedn: indeed
wran: inward
ehcn: inched
erun: inured
ialn: inlaid
eubm: imbued
eagm: imaged
epnm: impend
eron: ironed
roan: inroad
erbn: inbred
etnn: intend
ethc: itched
asln: island
7
uobnn: inbound
etign: ignited
eraln: ireland
eticn: incited
etasn: instead
erujn: injured
eascn: incased
eahln: inhaled
eusfn: infused
roabn: inboard
epalm: impaled
erogn: ignored
eiosn: ionised
eedxn: indexed
etivn: invited
eiplm: implied
ealcn: iceland
eadvn: invaded
eopsm: imposed
uopnm: impound
iipsn: insipid
erumm: immured
eokvn: invoked
eolcc: icecold
erusn: insured
etonn: intoned
ialvn: invalid
eepdm: impeded
etupm: imputed
eiscn: incised
eifln: infield
eudcn: induced
eibbm: imbibed
8
etafll: illfated
eupgnm: impugned
etafln: inflated
etpacm: impacted
eroplm: implored
eaflnm: inflamed
eiagnm: imagined
errafn: infrared
eiosdl: idolised
etudcn: inducted
eudgln: indulged
eeddbm: imbedded
ettasn: instated
eerrfn: inferred
quiill: illiquid
erofnm: informed
eetsgn: ingested
eilcnn: inclined
eetdbn: indebted
eescnn: incensed
errucn: incurred
eepllm: impelled
eolvvn: involved
eertvn: inverted
ertipn: intrepid
eopdlm: imploded
eetdnn: indented, intended
eetism: itemised
eetvnn: invented
eertta: iterated
etoasl: isolated
ertopm: imported
etissn: insisted
eropvm: improved
errtup: irrupted
ertpam: imparted
eripam: impaired
eudlcn: included
qeruin: inquired
eetsvn: invested
ettuin: intuited
etusln: insulted
eetfcn: infected
eerrtn: interred
eetsfn: infested
eipgnm: impinged
eertnn: interned
eripsn: inspired
ettiam: imitated
eersmm: immersed
eetjcn: injected
eiocvn: invoiced
erosdn: indorsed
ertudn: intruded
tasknn: inkstand
eertsn: inserted
etidcn: indicted
iiscvn: inviscid
9
etaslln: installed
euopdnm: impounded
erifgnn: infringed
eerpssm: impressed
ertuign: intrigued
etiahbn: inhabited
ettiian: initiated
etpalnm: implanted
etuadnn: inundated
euisnmm: immunised
etiadcn: indicated
eriscbn: inscribed
etislln: instilled
etiflcn: inflicted
errtiag: irrigated
etiihbn: inhibited
eertihn: inherited
eetflcn: inflected
eerrtbn: interbred
eerascn: increased
eriagnn: ingrained
ettianm: intimated
ertipnm: imprinted
eetpscn: inspected
etuasln: insulated
eiadlvn: invalided
eeiasdl: idealised
ertagnn: integrand
eepahcm: impeached
etuacbn: incubated
etoalmm: immolated
eeiglvn: inveigled
errttia: irritated
etoavnn: innovated
etascnn: instanced
10
eeripllm: imperilled
ertiagmm: immigrated
eeerttsn: interested
ertuiafn: infuriated
etttuisn: instituted
eiopssdn: indisposed
etipalcm: implicated
eertopsn: interposed
eeerrtfn: interfered
eiasdllv: illadvised
ertuopnm: importuned
eerttagn: integrated
etuiasnn: insinuated
eerttacn: interacted
ettiasgn: instigated
etiialln: initialled
ertuodcn: introduced
eetiidfn: identified
eeidflln: illdefined
ettuaafn: infatuated
eertixnm: intermixed
errtiaad: irradiated
ertaacnn: incarnated
eerttall: illtreated
eeerrtbn: interbreed
eaalcbnm: imbalanced
eertiabn: inebriated
eriopsvm: improvised
eeuflcnn: influenced
eeertdcn: interceded
eeertvnn: intervened
eertafcn: interfaced
eeahllvb: illbehaved
erttuscn: instructed
etiiaslc: italicised
eriopsnm: imprisoned
eertaghn: ingathered
etuoalcn: inoculated
eertalcn: interlaced
etualccn: inculcated
11
eeerttscn: intersected
ettioaxcn: intoxicated
erttiaagn: ingratiated
eeertcnnm: incremented
eeiidfnnm: indemnified
eriofllnm: illinformed
ertuuaagn: inaugurated
eetiisfnn: intensified
eerrttovn: introverted
etiiiasln: initialised
etiiaglvn: invigilated
eiopassnm: impassioned
weerttinn: intertwined
eertpagnm: impregnated
eerallnnm: illmannered
eruuohllm: illhumoured
eiioslbmm: immobilised
ertioagvn: invigorated
eeerttpcn: intercepted
eerttidcn: interdicted
etiaadlvn: invalidated
eeetplnmm: implemented
eerrttupn: interrupted
eeertalvn: interleaved
eertiklnn: interlinked
eertoklcn: interlocked
eettionnn: intentioned
qeeuippll: illequipped
ettiaacvn: inactivated
eeerrttpn: interpreted
eertiacnn: incinerated
ettiiadnm: intimidated
eruoafllv: illfavoured
weeertivn: interviewed
eeertpllm: illtempered
etuiallnm: illuminated
eeerttjcn: interjected
erttiafln: infiltrated
erttuasll: illustrated
12
eertopasnm: impersonated
eeriopshvm: impoverished
eertiglnnm: intermingled
ertioaslmm: immortalised
eertiaslnn: internalised
eeiollccvn: illconceived
eeerrtpssn: interspersed
eettiasgvn: investigated
eerttopaln: interpolated
etttiaasnn: instantiated
eeerrttaln: interrelated
errtoopacn: incorporated
eerrtaaccn: incarcerated
eerttusnnm: instrumented
ertiiacnnm: incriminated
eerrttoagn: interrogated
eertaghcnn: interchanged
13
ettipaaaccn: incapacitated
erttioadcnn: indoctrinated
eeeeripxcnn: inexperienced
14
eeeioccvnnnn: inconvenienced
euiiiasddlvn: individualised
ertuiiassdln: industrialised
eeerttoccnnn: interconnected
17
eerttiioaaslnnn: internationalised
etttuiiioasslnn: institutionalised
eruiooopscnmmmm: immunocompromised

ig
5
icn: icing
6
iknn: inking
idln: idling
rikn: irking
7
rionn: ironing
iklnn: inkling
ihcnn: inching
eercb: iceberg
iognn: ingoing
iagnm: imaging
tihcn: itching
uissn: issuing
8
uisfnn: infusing
yiplnm: implying
eidxnn: indexing
iopsnm: imposing
tiignn: igniting
ruisnn: insuring
iocnnm: incoming
tiicnn: inciting
uidcnn: inducing
eipdnm: impeding
iahlnn: inhaling
ipalnm: impaling
iibbnm: imbibing
ruijnn: injuring
tionnn: intoning
iiosnn: ionising
tuipnm: imputing
iokvnn: invoking
iadvnn: invading
tiivnn: inviting
riognn: ignoring
9
uipgnnm: impugning
eipllnm: impelling
eiscnnn: incensing
uidlcnn: including
iiagnnm: imagining
rruicnn: incurring
tioasln: isolating
etiisnm: itemising
iopdlnm: imploding
rioplnm: imploring
iilcnnn: inclining
iipgnnm: impinging
tiidcnn: indicting
ertinnn: interning
iaflnnm: inflaming
iiocvnn: invoicing
wioflnn: inflowing
eipdnnm: impending
etijcnn: injecting
qruiinn: inquiring
iolvvnn: involving
ttuipnn: inputting
iifllnn: infilling
etivnnn: inventing
ttiianm: imitating
riofnnm: informing
etisfnn: infesting
riipanm: impairing
uidglnn: indulging
etisgnn: ingesting
rtipanm: imparting
ertivnn: inverting
erttian: iterating
tiissnn: insisting
ertisnn: inserting
rtiopnm: importing
rtuidnn: intruding
tiaflnn: inflating
riipsnn: inspiring
tuislnn: insulting
riopvnm: improving
etifcnn: infecting
etisvnn: investing
etidnnn: indenting, intending
tipacnm: impacting
erisnmm: immersing
errifnn: inferring
10
riiscbnn: inscribing
rtiipnnm: imprinting
etiflcnn: inflecting
riifgnnn: infringing
eriascnn: increasing
tiiadcnn: indicating
tipalnnm: implanting
eiiasdln: idealising
etiaskcn: iceskating
tuiaslnn: insulating
rrttiian: irritating
tuiacbnn: incubating
uiopdnnm: impounding
eiighvnn: inveighing
tioavnnn: innovating
eeridbnn: inbreeding
ttiiiann: initiating
tiiflcnn: inflicting
rtuiignn: intriguing
tiifghnn: infighting
ertiihnn: inheriting
tiisllnn: instilling
eiiglvnn: inveigling
tiiihbnn: inhibiting
rrtiiagn: irrigating
etipscnn: inspecting
ttiiannm: intimating
tiiahbnn: inhabiting
eripssnm: impressing
tiasllnn: installing
11
ertiopsnn: interposing
eertidcnn: interceding
rtuiodcnn: introducing
ttiiasgnn: instigating
tttuiisnn: instituting
tuioalcnn: inoculating
rtuiiafnn: infuriating
tiipalcnm: implicating
riiopsnnm: imprisoning
eertivnnn: intervening
eerttisnn: interesting
tuialccnn: inculcating
ertialcnn: interlacing
rtiiagnmm: immigrating
ertiixnnm: intermixing
erttiagnn: integrating
rttuiscnn: instructing
erttiacnn: interacting
etyiidfnn: identifying
ertiafcnn: interfacing
euiflcnnn: influencing
riiopsvnm: improvising
ioodcnnmm: incommoding
eerrtifnn: interfering
rrtiiaadn: irradiating
tuiiasnnn: insinuating
12
iiioslbnmm: immobilising
werttiinnn: intertwining
eertialvnn: interleaving
etyiisfnnn: intensifying
rtuuiaagnn: inaugurating
rttiiaagnn: ingratiating
errttuipnn: interrupting
ttiiiadnnm: intimidating
eerttipcnn: intercepting
eerttijcnn: interjecting
rttiiaflnn: infiltrating
eetiplnnmm: implementing
rtiioagvnn: invigorating
ttiioaxcnn: intoxicating
ertipagnnm: impregnating
ttiiaacvnn: inactivating
weertiavnn: interweaving
ertiiacnnn: incinerating
tuiiallnnm: illuminating
tiiiiaslnn: initialising
eerttiscnn: intersecting
ertioklcnn: interlocking
rttuiaslln: illustrating
tiiiaglvnn: invigilating
eerrttipnn: interpreting
tiiaadlvnn: invalidating
eerticnnnm: incrementing
weertiivnn: interviewing
13
eerrtipssnn: interspersing
errtiaaccnn: incarcerating
tttiiaasnnn: instantiating
errttioagnn: interrogating
erttiopalnn: interpolating
ertiiglnnnm: intermingling
ettiiasgvnn: investigating
ertiopasnnm: impersonating
eeerrtidbnn: interbreeding
ertiaghcnnn: interchanging
rtiiiacnnnm: incriminating
eriiopshvnm: impoverishing
rrtioopacnn: incorporating
ertiiaslnnn: internalising
14
rttiioadcnnn: indoctrinating
ttiipaaaccnn: incapacitating
15
eeiioccvnnnnn: inconveniencing
rtuiiiassdlnn: industrialising
eerttioccnnnn: interconnecting
18
tttuiiiioasslnnn: institutionalising

if
2
: if
6
etsl: itself

vr
4
ee: veer
ei: vier
5
eip: viper
eal: velar
ios: visor
iac: vicar
eil: viler
eto: voter
6
weei: viewer
eeen: veneer
uiog: vigour
uopa: vapour
eodn: vendor
etas: vaster
eerg: verger
euol: velour
euag: vaguer
etoc: vector
eiiz: vizier
eian: vainer
eyuo: voyeur
tioc: victor
uagl: vulgar
uoal: valour
epam: vamper
eual: valuer
7
tiios: visitor
euohc: voucher
eerin: vernier
eyoag: voyager
eiagn: vinegar
etinn: vintner
8
eertun: venturer
eiagll: villager
eeriif: verifier
rtioab: vibrator
uaaslc: vascular
tiooal: violator
9
eeriisf: versifier
eettolm: voltmeter
euiahlc: vehicular
eetuoln: volunteer
euiaslc: vesicular
10
etuiaslb: vestibular
ettioaln: ventilator
weeiidfn: viewfinder
eruaalcn: vernacular
11
ertuialcn: ventricular
14
eeioahllcccn: vicechancellor

bd
3
a: bad
i: bid
e: bed
u: bud
4
el: bled
en: bend
on: bond
ea: bead
al: bald
an: band
ol: bold
ra: bard
in: bind
ua: baud
ri: bird
er: bred
5
aln: bland
roo: brood
ran: brand
roa: board, broad
uil: build
oln: blond
ria: braid
eya: bayed
eln: blend
weo: bowed
uon: bound
eid: bided
eak: baked
eal: baled
ool: blood
eas: based
eip: biped
ero: bored
eod: boded
iln: blind
eoo: booed
eon: boned
eer: breed
eel: bleed
eta: bated
era: bared, beard, bread
eox: boxed
6
eadn: banded
erag: barged
eadl: bladed
erab: barbed
eetl: belted
eeil: belied
erac: braced
eadg: badged
erra: barred
eukn: bunked
etia: baited
eedd: bedded
erav: braved
etoo: booted
eill: billed
eoss: bossed
eehl: beheld
weer: brewed
eihn: behind
erib: bribed
eudg: budged
eral: blared
etoa: boated
euzz: buzzed
etus: busted
eask: basked
weol: blowed, bowled
eann: banned
eash: bashed
erup: burped
eedn: bended
ealz: blazed
eyon: beyond
erya: brayed
eukc: bucked
eudd: budded
ettu: butted
ealm: blamed
etah: bathed
etta: batted
eell: belled
eobb: bobbed
eupm: bumped
euis: busied
erui: buried
eagg: bagged
aadg: bagdad
eodn: bonded
eegg: begged
weal: bawled
erun: burned
eagn: banged
eett: betted
erak: barked, braked
eohl: behold
eeah: behead
eeak: beaked
eugl: bulged
eeam: beamed
eyuo: buoyed
aall: ballad
eiod: bodied
eugg: bugged
eoom: boomed
eobm: bombed
eead: beaded
eiol: boiled
euss: bussed
eook: booked
eakc: backed
eakn: banked
etas: basted
etol: bolted
eias: biased
eial: bailed
eooz: boozed
eogg: bogged
wryo: byword
7
euocn: bounced
eugln: bungled
eridl: bridled
riaam: barmaid
eridg: bridged
eroad: boarded
eidln: blinded
ettal: battled
weral: brawled
etahc: batched
eruis: bruised
eudln: bundled
eoklc: blocked
rtaas: bastard
euklc: buckled
eeusm: bemused
eoslb: bobsled
eradn: branded
euodn: bounded
etasl: blasted
erikc: bricked
euhcn: bunched
ruazz: buzzard
eaffl: baffled
ertus: bursted
wooox: boxwood
erulb: burbled
ertul: blurted
yoooh: boyhood
weron: browned
eeohv: behoved
eiass: biassed
etohc: botched
eerad: bearded, breaded
weros: browsed
eulbm: bumbled
ettol: blotted, bottled
erugl: burgled
eulbb: bubbled
erimm: brimmed
aadgh: baghdad
eushl: blushed
eikln: blinked
eerth: berthed
eeyal: belayed
etoos: boosted
euill: bullied
etuln: blunted
erozn: bronzed
etusl: bustled
etiog: bigoted
eetal: belated, bleated
roall: bollard
eeahv: behaved
erihc: birched
eeahc: beached
eakln: blanked
etoas: boasted
eeepl: bleeped
eaklc: blacked
eedln: blended
etoal: bloated
eoolm: bloomed
eoodl: blooded
eriol: broiled
euakl: baulked
roabm: bombard
eerif: briefed
errul: blurred
eragg: bragged
riagn: brigand
euffl: bluffed
erood: brooded
eessl: blessed
eerta: berated
rtuas: bustard
eehlc: belched
eeolv: beloved
erush: brushed
eiadn: bandied
eoggl: boggled
eeyug: bugeyed
erias: braised
eriad: braided
eeerz: breezed
ealbb: babbled, blabbed
8
eeellv: bevelled
eertas: breasted
eettif: befitted
eerukn: bunkered
eeokcn: beckoned
rialzz: blizzard
eerazn: brazened
eerudn: burdened
eeoanm: bemoaned
eettan: battened
eerttu: buttered
eeedkc: bedecked
eroadc: brocaded
rryaan: barnyard
eealcm: becalmed
eertya: betrayed
eetudg: budgeted
eerrod: bordered
werruo: burrowed
riiall: billiard
eaalcn: balanced
etighl: blighted
eettos: besotted
aahkcn: backhand
eeahlc: bleached
ertisl: bristled
eioodl: bloodied
eeruff: buffered
weeial: bewailed
eeoacn: beaconed
eeragg: beggared
errikc: brickred
eralbb: brabbled
eridln: brindled
ettoom: bottomed
eetonn: bonneted
eeradg: badgered
wraakc: backward
ettuon: buttoned
eerifn: befriend
eerrok: brokered
eeertt: bettered
eetisc: bisected
eeerav: bereaved
weeidn: bindweed
eertta: battered
etipas: baptised
weetos: bestowed
eaadgn: bandaged
eetill: billeted
eeeadh: beheaded
eertoh: bothered
eeuigl: beguiled
eroodl: bloodred
weioll: billowed
euahkl: bulkhead
eeeilv: believed
etoall: balloted
erahcn: branched
werroo: borrowed
eeeisg: besieged
eroahc: broached
eerrta: bartered
eyilcc: bicycled
eruilb: bluebird
eetasd: bedstead
ryaakc: backyard
eiashn: banished
etohlc: blotched
tooaal: boatload
weeoll: bellowed
eerugg: buggered
eerahc: breached
eehlcn: blenched
yooahb: babyhood
eetuff: buffeted
uashln: bushland
eypass: bypassed
eeogln: belonged
eertan: bantered
eertah: breathed
eahlcn: blanched
9
eertosl: bolstered
eetakln: blanketed
eerrall: barrelled
taasdnn: bandstand
eriaagn: bargained
eetiiaf: beatified
eoosslm: blossomed
eoadklc: blockaded
eeroadn: broadened
eeetifn: benefited
eeishlm: blemished
rioallb: billboard
eeaahhc: beachhead
weetihc: bewitched
eeeyyad: beadyeyed
eryiofn: boyfriend
ettyooc: boycotted
eeeeshc: beseeched
eoahklc: blockhead
eerpasd: bedspread
eettill: belittled
ryuoadg: bodyguard
riaklcb: blackbird
iodflln: blindfold
eettofl: bottlefed
eertuhc: butchered
eeuddfl: befuddled
eertusl: blustered
eeraafc: barefaced
wruoosh: brushwood
eetighn: benighted
eerudln: blundered
eeetokn: betokened
eertakc: bracketed
weeoohc: beechwood
etaadkc: backdated
eeadlzz: bedazzled
eerikln: blinkered
eeaklcn: blackened
eriafkc: backfired
weriodl: blowdried
eriaadn: braindead
eaahklc: blackhead
eertisl: blistered
eerttoh: betrothed
eerudgg: begrudged
euodllz: bulldozed
eruoalv: boulevard
roaadbn: broadband
eerrtis: bestirred
eeruogn: burgeoned
eroadbm: bombarded
eerulbb: blubbered
eeruacb: barbecued
eruishn: burnished
eoosdhl: bloodshed
eooalln: ballooned
10
ertuiafc: bifurcated
eeroafhn: beforehand
eeeidllv: bedevilled
eeettofl: bottlefeed
ruoagkcn: background
eeeridfn: befriended
eriiasdm: bridesmaid
eertiacc: brecciated
qeeetuah: bequeathed
eepashlm: blasphemed
eeriadgh: bridgehead
weeeridl: bewildered
eiadhhnn: behindhand
ertuiasl: brutalised
eeradggl: bedraggled
ertupakn: bankrupted
wrrooasd: broadsword
uooodhln: bloodhound
eooalzbm: bamboozled
erroaadb: breadboard
euioakcv: bivouacked
eaadhkcn: backhanded
roaaklcb: blackboard
weeeejll: bejewelled
riiahlcn: brainchild
eertighn: brightened
eerttuss: buttressed
erriaadc: barricaded
eeuodgln: bludgeoned
ruaagklc: blackguard
eeeryyal: blearyeyed
eertooaf: barefooted
eriasdhn: brandished
eertyigh: brighteyed
eetuiiaf: beautified
eeertasf: breastfeed
11
erioadhln: blondhaired
weriaashn: brainwashed
eeerttpas: bespattered
weeriosdl: bowdlerised
eertaasfk: breakfasted
ertaakkcc: backtracked
eeuoodllb: blueblooded
eeertpadm: badtempered
eeroaadlv: broadleaved
erioaddnm: broadminded
eettiafll: battlefield
eioddflln: blindfolded
etiaskllc: blacklisted
ertiaassd: bastardised
ertuaasdl: balustraded
eaaklllcb: blackballed
eiaakllcm: blackmailed
errtooohh: brotherhood
eeeeruagl: beleaguered
weeerishk: bewhiskered
ettuoohln: buttonholed
12
erttuoagln: battleground
etiooasdln: bloodstained
eertyaashl: breathalysed
eeetpaslcc: bespectacled
eeetttalnm: battlemented
eepaadkllc: backpedalled
ertyooppab: boobytrapped
eriaaadgnm: braindamaged
13
eeerrtoahkn: brokenhearted

be
2
: be
3
y: bye
e: bee
4
on: bone
ab: babe
ad: bade
ty: byte
il: bile
ak: bake
od: bode
al: bale
ik: bike
an: bane
ul: blue
as: base
ol: bole
ra: bare
ti: bite
ro: bore
id: bide
ta: bate
5
rag: barge
alm: blame
rac: brace
ron: borne
tas: baste
wio: bowie
ral: blare
rak: brake
rra: barre
rav: brave
rok: broke
alz: blaze
rid: bride
tah: bathe
ell: belle
raz: braze
ugl: bugle, bulge
adg: badge
ign: binge
adl: blade
igl: bilge
asl: blase
udg: budge
okl: bloke
ooz: booze
rin: brine
ilb: bible
eig: beige
rib: bribe
rtu: brute
eil: belie
6
eocm: become
eadl: beadle
eisd: beside
iook: bookie
etid: betide
wros: browse
erof: before
albb: babble
erta: berate
tihl: blithe
yiln: byline
eyyb: byebye
rozn: bronze
iodc: bodice
ionn: bonnie
rias: braise
eusm: bemuse
eogn: begone
oggl: boggle
ualb: bauble
olbb: bobble
yogn: bygone
tusl: bustle
ruog: brogue
riab: barbie
eian: beanie
eahv: behave
ruis: bruise
iovn: bovine
eerz: breeze
udln: bundle
rtoa: borate
uosl: blouse
eikl: belike
uocn: bounce
agln: bangle
quas: basque
eagl: beagle
eugn: bungee
affl: baffle
eetl: beetle
ulbb: bubble
ulbm: bumble
riid: birdie
rugl: burgle
ttal: battle
tuan: butane
ugln: bungle
ridg: bridge
rulb: burble
ridl: bridle
ttol: bottle
odln: blonde
uidg: budgie
eacm: became
wera: beware
uklc: buckle
7
ralbm: bramble
roadc: barcode, brocade
ralbb: brabble
qruus: brusque
rttil: brittle
riofn: bonfire
riodm: bromide
euigl: beguile
rraag: barrage
qruoa: baroque
yilcc: bicycle
eerav: bereave
werag: brewage
eeznn: benzene
ipaln: biplane
rtisl: bristle
eisdd: bedside
aadll: ballade
eeiln: beeline
aalcn: balance
riadg: brigade
oadgn: bondage
ertah: breathe
riall: braille
eashn: banshee
ialvv: bivalve
eopsk: bespoke
etidm: bedtime
eeihv: beehive
erusm: burmese
rionm: bromine
euasc: because
eeisg: besiege
erttu: burette
aadgn: bandage
wrion: brownie
aaggg: baggage
erosd: bedsore
eeilv: believe
tipas: baptise
rriaz: bizarre
tuiax: bauxite
ippag: bagpipe
riohc: brioche
8
aaklbn: bankable
oadklc: blockade
eruacb: barbecue
ertosd: bestrode
tooalc: bootlace
qtuuio: boutique
riasbn: brisbane
ettill: belittle
euddfl: befuddle
ruisfh: bushfire
eopaln: beanpole
oagklc: blockage
rtioan: baritone
eiasln: baseline
oadflc: boldface
euilln: bluenile
wioppl: blowpipe
aahkcc: backache
ooaklb: bookable
eeragv: beverage
rruohc: brochure
ettuag: baguette
ialllb: billable
ooaskc: bookcase
toaknn: banknote
yaafcb: babyface
rtoahb: bathrobe
eadlbn: bendable
eroohl: borehole
riadgc: birdcage
tiaslb: bistable
erudgg: begrudge
eraalb: bearable
eadlzz: bedazzle
uodllz: bulldoze
eeafkc: beefcake
erttun: brunette
oakcbn: backbone
riafkc: backfire
iasdkc: backside
eeifcn: benefice
ippagl: bigapple
ioopsc: bioscope
raalcn: barnacle
roaagn: baronage
eraagk: breakage
taadkc: backdate
eradgl: belgrade
ialcnn: binnacle
ertisd: bestride
iaadgn: badinage
9
euoashk: bakehouse
rriaadc: barricade
tuooash: boathouse
ettuiad: beatitude
rttiipa: bipartite
tuoashh: bathhouse
eriasfc: briefcase
rtuiasl: brutalise
rioasdd: broadside
eriopsh: biosphere
etaagll: bagatelle
iooffxc: boxoffice
eiosllc: bellicose
taasgkc: backstage
erriass: brasserie, brassiere
rrttiah: birthrate
eiasdhc: beachside
ettaalx: battleaxe
ooalzbm: bamboozle
erroagk: brokerage
eaallbm: blameable
eraaklb: breakable
paaskcc: backspace
eriadln: breadline
rtiosnm: brimstone
epashlm: blaspheme
qeruusl: burlesque
wriaavn: brainwave
ioodlln: bloodline
eropagl: bargepole
10
aaglcnnm: blancmange
wrrooalb: borrowable
ertaahlb: breathable
ttuoohln: buttonhole
ettuollb: bluebottle
tooosdln: bloodstone
eruosdnm: burdensome
ertooshm: bothersome
rtuaasdl: balustrade
ertoasbn: breastbone
rtoaskkc: backstroke
erriodln: borderline
rtiaassd: bastardise
riiallcn: brilliance
eeiallvb: believable
rtipahlc: birthplace
11
erttpaasl: breastplate
eruiioosg: bourgeoisie
riiioalln: billionaire
iiiophllb: bibliophile
eeeolcvnn: benevolence
rtioaacbn: bicarbonate
rrttuiaab: barbiturate
eeeifccnn: beneficence
12
errttoassk: breaststroke
euiissskln: businesslike
eeerigllcn: belligerence
13
eerriifgcnn: birefringence
erioaaddglb: biodegradable
ertiopaaghc: bacteriophage
14
ertipaasghcn: breathingspace
20
eeerrtuuisfkllcnnm: buckminsterfullerene

bf
4
ee: beef
uf: buff
5
ufl: bluff
eri: brief
6
eeil: belief
eahl: behalf
7
iiafl: bailiff
8
ruosfh: brushoff
9
eeriasl: basrelief
eooshkl: bookshelf
11
ertuoopll: bulletproof

bg
3
a: bag
i: big
e: beg
u: bug
o: bog
4
on: bong
ru: burg
an: bang
un: bung
ra: brag
in: bing
ri: brig
5
rin: bring
eof: befog
ein: being
6
iodn: boding
yuin: buying
iakn: baking
ioxn: boxing
iaan: baaing
tiin: biting
rion: boring
wion: bowing
ialn: baling
eoln: belong
iikn: biking
tian: bating
ioon: booing
eudb: bedbug
iidn: biding
iasn: basing
rian: baring
yian: baying
7
eiggn: begging
etool: bootleg
ruinn: burning
uiddn: budding
wioln: blowing, bowling
riavn: braving
riacn: bracing
iakcn: backing
iiddn: bidding
iobbn: bobbing
iookn: booking
riakn: barking, braking
ryuin: burying
werin: brewing
tiahn: bathing
iilln: billing
uigln: bulging
ialnm: blaming
uikcn: bucking
iidnn: binding
tuisn: busting
riibn: bribing
uishn: bushing
ttuin: butting
eyiln: belying
ioonm: booming
yiabn: babying
iadln: balding
etian: beating
riagn: barging
iobnm: bombing
ioggn: bogging
uodll: bulldog
eiijn: beijing
tioln: biltong, bolting
riokn: broking
uiskn: busking
iaskn: basking
iannn: banning
wialn: bawling
rialn: blaring
oaklc: backlog
riazn: brazing
eeipn: beeping
iiasn: biasing
eianm: beaming
yuisn: busying
eidnn: bending
iialn: bailing
tuinn: bunting
iagnn: banging
uiffn: buffing
tioon: booting
ettin: betting
iodnn: bonding
ryian: braying
iadnn: banding
eiadn: beading
ttian: batting
iioln: boiling
uipnm: bumping
rrian: barring
tiian: baiting
ruipn: burping
etiln: belting
iaknn: banking
uissn: bussing
tiasn: basting
iossn: bossing
uiggn: bugging
uidgn: budging
iashn: bashing
tioan: boating
eiddn: bedding
erian: bearing
ialzn: blazing
eaabn: beanbag
uizzn: buzzing
iaggn: bagging
8
ioggln: boggling
eakllc: blackleg
eiahvn: behaving
iidlnn: blinding
ertian: berating
etialn: bleating
rioodn: brooding
uiidln: building
riadnn: branding
wrionn: browning
riignn: bringing
riidgn: bridging
tiahcn: batching
riikcn: bricking
iaklnn: blanking
uiffln: bluffing
tiihcn: bitching
wrialn: brawling
ialbbn: babbling
uihcnn: bunching
eidlnn: blending
eriakn: breaking
riiadn: braiding
eihlcn: belching
tioosn: boosting
uiodnn: bounding
ruiisn: bruising
tuilnn: blunting
rruiln: blurring
eiahcn: beaching
ruofll: bullfrog
eerizn: breezing
wriosn: browsing
eriifn: briefing
ttioln: blotting, bottling
eeridn: breeding
riidln: bridling
rtuiln: blurting
uilbbn: bubbling
tioasn: boasting
uilbnm: bumbling
iaffln: baffling
rioadn: boarding
tiasln: blasting
uiocnn: bouncing
eeipln: bleeping
riaggn: bragging
ruigln: burgling
uidlnn: bundling
tioaln: bloating
iaklcn: blacking
riioln: broiling
ioolnm: blooming
ruilbn: burbling
iiassn: biassing
eiocnm: becoming
uishln: blushing
ioklcn: blocking
rtuisn: bursting
ruishn: brushing
eeidln: bleeding
ttialn: battling
uiklcn: buckling
riosdn: birdsong
tuisln: bustling
yuilln: bullying
iiklnn: blinking
uiakln: baulking
riinmm: brimming
eissln: blessing
uiglnn: bungling
9
eriadgn: badgering
eruiggn: buggering
wrrioon: borrowing
rioahcn: broaching
ertiohn: bothering
iaadgnn: bandaging
ertiahn: breathing
wrtiosn: bowstring
ttuionn: buttoning
tiipasn: baptising
ertiann: bantering
yipassn: bypassing
weiialn: bewailing
eioannm: bemoaning
eiignnn: beginning
erttuin: buttering
rtiisln: bristling
wrruion: burrowing
eeiilvn: believing
iahlcnn: blanching
riahcnn: branching
eettisn: besetting
ettiifn: befitting
eriahcn: breaching
errtian: bartering
eiaflln: befalling
eiodhln: beholding
ertiasn: breasting
erooanm: boomerang
yiilccn: bicycling
wetiosn: bestowing
etuikcn: bucketing
eruidnn: burdening
eioglnn: belonging
eiokcnn: beckoning
etiilln: billeting
ettiann: battening
eeiisgn: besieging
eeillvn: bevelling
eriikcn: bickering
wiiolln: billowing
eeiadhn: beheading
tioalln: balloting
etuidgn: budgeting
erriodn: bordering
tiighln: blighting
iaalcnn: balancing
eeriavn: beavering, bereaving
eerttin: bettering
eettign: begetting
etiiscn: bisecting
eiahlcn: bleaching
etuiffn: buffeting
euiigln: beguiling
ttioonm: bottoming
erttian: battering
iiashnn: banishing
eruiffn: buffering
weiolln: bellowing
ertyian: betraying
10
ioadklcn: blockading
ttyioocn: boycotting
ertuisln: blustering
riiaagnn: bargaining
ettiilln: belittling
ertiihln: blithering
erioadnn: broadening
ruiishnn: burnishing
eeeishcn: beseeching
qetuiann: banqueting
ertiosln: bolstering
eruilbbn: blubbering
erialbbn: blabbering
etiaklnn: blanketing
ertuihcn: butchering
eruidlnn: blundering
rriaakcn: barracking
ertiisln: blistering
eetiifnn: benefiting
eruiognn: burgeoning
eriiklnn: blinkering
riiafkcn: backfiring
wetiihcn: bewitching
eeipaskn: bespeaking
ertiakcn: bracketing
iooakknm: bookmaking
rioadbnm: bombarding
ertiiklz: blitzkrieg
euiddfln: befuddling
iooallnn: ballooning
ioosslnm: blossoming
errtiisn: bestirring
eiaklcnn: blackening
wryiodln: blowdrying
uiodllzn: bulldozing
11
ipaakkccn: backpacking
rtuiiasln: brutalising
weeriidln: bewildering
eriaallbn: ballbearing
ttyiiasbn: babysitting
erttuissn: buttressing
rtuipaknn: bankrupting
eeioopkkn: bookkeeping
wertioabn: browbeating
eetisslln: bestselling
euiodglnn: bludgeoning
iioodkbnn: bookbinding
eipashlnm: blaspheming
qeruuisln: burlesquing
qeetuiahn: bequeathing
iiasdklcn: backsliding
ryiiaklcn: bricklaying
eeriidfnn: befriending
riiasdhnn: brandishing
uipasskcn: buckpassing
ertiighnn: brightening
ipaaskccn: backspacing
12
tiiaskllcn: blacklisting
wriiaashnn: brainwashing
weriiosdln: bowdlerising
iiaakllcnm: blackmailing
ertiaasfkn: breakfasting
ippaasklcn: backslapping
rrtioasnnm: barnstorming
rtioaasdcn: broadcasting
tuiifghlln: bullfighting
rtiaakkccn: backtracking
tuiosklcbn: blockbusting
wrtiiadhcn: birdwatching
eeruiaccnn: buccaneering
iaaklllcbn: blackballing
ertiiaasnn: brainteasing
eriahkcnnm: benchmarking
ettioodlln: bloodletting
yuiioddlbn: bodybuilding
eriooagnnm: boomeranging
tiaaskcbbn: backstabbing
erttiaahkn: breathtaking
13
rrtiioasnnm: brainstorming
ruiooddllcn: bloodcurdling
eipaadkllcn: backpedalling
eeertiasdfn: breastfeeding
14
eruiiiddglbn: bridgebuilding
eeeriiiognnn: bioengineering

ba
3
a: baa
r: bra
o: boa
4
et: beta
ol: bola
5
tio: biota
rum: burma
asl: balsa
6
aann: banana
iosn: bosnia
7
oogln: bologna
iiolv: bolivia
riaav: bavaria
erudm: bermuda
uiilm: bulimia
oaznn: bonanza
ooakz: bazooka
8
easklc: blacksea
ruiagl: bulgaria
ertiac: bacteria
riiasl: brasilia
aadnnn: bandanna
wtoasn: botswana
iiaslc: basilica
ruoahh: brouhaha
9
iaaakll: balalaika
erialln: ballerina
aaallcv: balaclava
riiahlz: bilharzia
rruaadc: barracuda
10
eoadllnn: belladonna
11
rryiaaddc: bradycardia
13
euiioagllvn: bougainvillea

bb
3
i: bib
u: bub
o: bob
4
ul: bulb
om: bomb
ol: blob
ra: barb
al: blab
5
rul: blurb
6
oaab: baobab
riac: bicarb
7
ttuah: bathtub

bc
4
ol: bloc
5
ias: basic
6
iion: bionic
tial: baltic
tiio: biotic
7
uioav: bivouac
rioac: boracic
uiobn: bubonic
uiolc: bucolic
uiilm: bulimic
tioan: botanic
8
ettiah: bathetic
tiaasl: basaltic
rriaab: barbaric
etiiaf: beatific
etiall: balletic
9
rriaacb: bricabrac
tioasbm: bombastic
tiiasll: ballistic
ertiiom: biometric
riiopsh: bishopric
10
errtioam: barometric
12
errtuuiaac: bureaucratic
13
riiiopaghlb: bibliographic

bl
3
e: bel
4
aa: baal
el: bell
wa: bawl
wo: bowl
al: ball
ul: bull
il: bill
io: boil
ia: bail
5
aan: banal
wra: brawl
eet: betel
eab: babel
weo: bowel
ery: beryl
rio: broil
aas: basal
eev: bevel
ias: basil
ria: brail
6
eefl: befell
euof: befoul
rias: brasil
ruia: burial
erra: barrel
eafl: befall
eagn: bengal
eroa: boreal
riad: bridal
uofx: boxful
uafg: bagful
eush: bushel
rtua: brutal
riaz: brazil
weia: bewail
7
wraad: bradawl
ioadm: bimodal
euafl: baleful
eralb: barbell
etias: bestial
eeidv: bedevil
weeej: bejewel
ioadn: binodal
eipad: bipedal
ioafc: bifocal
rtoas: borstal
tioab: bobtail
uasfh: bashful
ertoh: brothel
8
eeoanm: bonemeal
rioaan: baronial
eyufll: bellyful
euaflm: blameful
eaaslb: baseball
iialcb: biblical
uiasfn: basinful
uissfl: blissful
eiiann: biennial
euiasx: bisexual
ertyaa: betrayal
uiaann: biannual
roaalm: balmoral
iiaalb: bilabial
iioanm: binomial
tuoasf: boastful
wetoas: bestowal
eeullb: bluebell
9
etuufkc: bucketful
iaaklcm: blackmail
ertiaac: bacterial
tooaskl: bookstall
rioahcn: bronchial
aakllcb: blackball
epaadkc: backpedal
etuasfk: basketful
ertiaal: bilateral
eriaacm: bicameral
erttoah: betrothal
tuuiofn: bountiful
tioaacn: botanical
eoshlbm: bombshell
etuuiaf: beautiful
uiiagln: bilingual
tipaasm: baptismal
erialcn: braincell
10
eiioadcm: biomedical
etaasklb: basketball
eeiiafcn: beneficial
iiooaglc: biological
11
yiiopashc: biophysical
eruioaahv: behavioural
eiioahccm: biochemical
12
ertiiaadcc: bactericidal
riiopaaghc: biographical
eetiiacnnn: bicentennial
13
ertiiioadcn: bidirectional
15
eriioopaagghc: biogeographical
riiiopaaghlcb: bibliographical
ertiiooaaglcc: bacteriological
16
etiioooaghlccn: biotechnological

bm
3
u: bum
4
oo: boom
ea: beam
al: balm
ri: brim
5
ool: bloom
uox: buxom
era: bream
oos: bosom
roo: broom
6
eadl: bedlam
ruia: barium
taan: bantam
ttoo: bottom
ealc: becalm
aasl: balsam
uukn: bunkum
7
tipas: baptism
erood: bedroom, boredom
oossl: blossom
euigl: belgium
8
rtooah: bathroom
tuiosl: botulism
rooall: ballroom
uisddh: buddhism
wroook: bookworm
9
rroooad: boardroom
wrooodl: bloodworm
ertuiac: bacterium
rtuiasl: brutalism
rriaasb: barbarism
eryuill: beryllium
rtyiohh: biorhythm
euuglbb: bubblegum
roooadl: broadloom
10
rrtioasn: brainstorm
errioodg: bridegroom
eiipasdl: bipedalism
11
ertooasdl: bloodstream
12
uiiiasglln: bilingualism
eruiioashv: behaviourism

bn
3
a: ban
i: bin
e: ben
u: bun
4
oo: boon
on: bonn
ru: burn
ee: been
ea: bean
ra: barn, bran
ro: born
er: bern
5
uos: bosun
oac: bacon
oos: boson
roo: boron
roa: baron
eug: begun
wra: brawn
ios: bison
eag: began
wol: blown
eig: begin
wro: brown
toa: baton
ias: basin
ria: brain
6
etti: bitten
eoac: beacon
erok: broken
aagm: bagman
eram: barmen
ttuo: button
eidd: bidden
eril: berlin
epad: bedpan
eraz: brazen
eusm: busmen
yuan: bunyan
weom: bowmen
oobn: bonbon
taam: batman
eyol: boleyn
uasm: busman
etam: batmen
woam: bowman
eoam: bemoan
erud: burden
eagm: bagmen
uion: bunion
eeal: baleen
erto: breton
eeta: beaten
raam: barman
eokc: beckon
iodk: bodkin
erra: barren
ioff: boffin
ooab: baboon
eign: benign
eigb: bigben
iobb: bobbin
etta: batten
toos: boston
7
uioll: bullion
ruoob: bourbon
eiagl: belgian
raahm: brahman
epall: ballpen
yoalb: babylon
weeet: between
uashm: bushman
eroad: broaden
taasm: batsman
erakc: bracken
uipkm: bumpkin
etasm: batsmen
ooall: balloon
ooass: bassoon
riaag: bargain
eruog: burgeon
iioll: billion
eetok: betoken
tioas: bastion
etuim: bitumen
rtiia: britain
eaklc: blacken
euiod: bedouin
uooff: buffoon
toaam: boatman
tuiil: builtin
eushm: bushmen
etoam: boatmen
ertti: bittern
eriak: breakin
8
etuill: bulletin
eeidln: bedlinen
uiskkc: buckskin
riaaav: bavarian
eriask: bearskin
eerrth: brethren
eeodhl: beholden
eiajnm: benjamin
rtiogh: brighton
eeyogm: bogeymen
eettog: begotten
euoolm: bluemoon
eyoagm: bogeyman
eioahm: bohemian
ryookl: brooklyn
ertigh: brighten
euodgl: bludgeon
eeafll: befallen
9
wtioaas: boatswain
weroadk: breakdown
eeriddd: bedridden
rriaaab: barbarian
rioaagn: bornagain
tioadnm: badminton
woaadgn: bandwagon
ttioaal: battalion
wetoskn: bestknown
10
rtiipaas: bipartisan
etuiiaac: beautician
oaagkcmm: backgammon
erryoalc: barleycorn
weertoab: browbeaten
tiooasdl: bloodstain
eetyiolc: byelection
rtoahklc: blackthorn
11
eetioafcn: benefaction
euiasssnm: businessman
eetiiodcn: benediction
eeuisssnm: businessmen
rtuiioafc: bifurcation
12
weooasdkcm: backwoodsmen
13
weuioasssnm: businesswoman
ettiiioaafc: beatification
rttuiioaasl: brutalisation
14
rttiioaaassd: bastardisation
wertiiooasdl: bowdlerisation
17
errttuuiioaaasc: bureaucratisation

bo
3
o: boo
4
ri: brio
5
rav: bravo
ign: bingo
ibm: bimbo
ajn: banjo
6
erol: bolero
eron: borneo
oobn: bonobo
rocn: bronco
oooh: boohoo
rtis: bistro
oabm: bamboo
ooob: booboo
7
raadv: bravado
iabnm: bambino
uaffl: buffalo
8
yoahll: ballyhoo

bh
3
a: bah
4
ac: bach
al: blah
us: bush
to: both
as: bash
ta: bath
5
ert: berth
usl: blush
elc: belch
eac: beach
tac: batch
rti: birth
rto: broth
uog: bough
too: booth
ecn: bench
ras: brash
toc: botch
rus: brush
ucn: bunch
ric: birch
eec: beech
tic: bitch
6
alcn: blanch
eerc: breech
erac: breach
erta: breath
rooc: brooch
yios: boyish
racn: branch
rucn: brunch
elcn: blench
ealc: bleach
tolc: blotch
roac: broach
uisl: bluish
iasn: banish
typa: bypath
7
eeesc: beseech
rtiis: british
eislm: blemish
rtuis: brutish
erias: bearish
tuism: bismuth
rioos: boorish
ioosk: bookish
uisll: bullish
yiasb: babyish
eetan: beneath
ertad: breadth
wetic: bewitch
iisgg: biggish
euisl: blueish
ertto: betroth
ruoog: borough
8
waaskc: backwash
eriscm: besmirch
rtiadb: birdbath
qeetua: bequeath
riasdn: brandish
iasklc: blackish
aasklc: backlash
eetohm: behemoth
riaskc: brackish
rioopm: biomorph
wriosn: brownish
iosklc: blockish
9
wriaasn: brainwash
tooadlb: bloodbath
aassklc: backslash
eakccbn: backbench
tiiolln: billionth
wrtoolc: blowtorch
wtiaddn: bandwidth
uifllcn: bullfinch
10
tiasklcm: blacksmith
eraasddl: balderdash
12
ertttuoscc: butterscotch
errtuoaghk: breakthrough

bi
8
roolcc: broccoli
4
al: bali
6
erun: brunei
iikn: bikini
oasn: bonsai
7
iallc: bacilli
ruudn: burundi
rohcn: bronchi

bk
4
oo: book
ac: back
us: busk
ea: beak
ec: beck
an: bank
ul: bulk
as: bask
un: bunk
ra: bark
uc: buck
er: berk
5
aln: blank
olc: block
eal: bleak
roo: brook
iln: blink
alc: black
ric: brick
rin: brink
ual: baulk
ris: brisk
tia: batik
era: break
7
erodc: bedrock
ruodc: burdock
oagkn: bangkok
uollc: bullock
etian: beatnik
eerrs: berserk
eepas: bespeak
eoslb: blesbok
rraac: barrack
wrual: bulwark
ttuoc: buttock
8
wroook: bookwork
riascm: bismarck
rooakm: bookmark
iiassl: basilisk
wryood: bodywork
paakcc: backpack
eraacb: bareback
weroad: beadwork
9
rrtiahm: birthmark
erahcnm: benchmark
wiiialc: bailiwick
aajklcc: blackjack
wrruosh: brushwork
etaasln: beanstalk
rtaakcc: backtrack
eerakcn: breakneck
wrriokc: brickwork
10
rtiooscm: broomstick
eettolcn: bottleneck
erttuilm: buttermilk
tooosdlc: bloodstock
11
eeioadfcb: biofeedback

bt
3
a: bat
i: bit
e: bet
u: but
4
oo: boot
el: belt
en: bent
us: bust
ee: beet
tu: butt
ea: beat
al: blat
oa: boat
uo: bout
ol: blot, bolt
ra: bart, brat
ia: bait
ri: brit
es: best
5
eog: begot
eal: bleat
rul: blurt
rus: burst
oal: bloat
uil: built
eag: begat
eer: beret
eos: besot
run: brunt, burnt
uln: blunt
ees: beset
oos: boost
eif: befit
iog: bigot
oas: boast
eas: beast
asl: blast
eeg: beget
eid: bidet
6
eisd: bedsit
eisc: bisect
uogh: bought
eull: bullet
oall: ballot
eill: billet
iadn: bandit
eras: barest, breast
euff: buffet
eudg: budget
eusl: bluest
eonn: bonnet
righ: bright
eask: basket
eerf: bereft
eall: ballet
eass: basest
eukc: bucket
erui: beirut
erun: brunet
oacb: bobcat
ighl: blight
yuuo: buyout
eesh: behest
aasl: basalt
7
erasv: bravest
tyooc: boycott
erakc: bracket
qeeus: bequest
eyoan: bayonet
easdl: baldest
eiosn: boniest
eeram: beermat
easfl: belfast
eroan: baronet
ruogh: brought
yiasb: babysit
qeuuo: bouquet
oasbm: bombast
qeuan: banquet
eopsd: bedpost
wetix: betwixt
uiisc: biscuit
euiss: busiest
eookl: booklet
eosdl: boldest
taaln: blatant
eeifn: benefit
eakln: blanket
yuoan: buoyant
eisgg: biggest
iaklc: backlit
aasll: ballast
tipas: baptist
iasss: bassist
uioal: bailout
8
euiskl: bulkiest
eisdln: blindest
eupasd: budapest
eiosss: bossiest
eiosgg: boggiest
uisddh: buddhist
eiosnn: bonniest
uoaffn: bouffant
erissk: briskest
rupakn: bankrupt
eruoak: breakout
eroasd: broadest
eiaslm: balmiest
eeiasd: beadiest
eeuhcn: beechnut
aahkcc: backchat
eeaskl: bleakest
eiasgg: baggiest
eraskc: backrest
euipsm: bumpiest
eosdln: blondest
weroab: browbeat
rtuash: bathurst
riakcb: brickbat
easklc: blackest
tioasn: botanist
raaacc: baccarat
easdln: blandest
yuoosc: boyscout
euissh: bushiest
eeeisf: beefiest
eertoo: beetroot
weiasd: bawdiest
uoshkc: buckshot
werosn: brownest
etusln: bluntest
iiasgm: bigamist
wriops: bowsprit
eiasdn: bandiest
eeasnm: basement
eerisf: briefest
eeralc: bracelet
eruisl: burliest
eaaskc: backseat
uoaklc: blackout
erooaf: barefoot
rraagg: braggart
9
ertisgh: brightest
eeerisz: breeziest
iioosgl: biologist
iopalln: ballpoint
iaskllc: blacklist
uifghll: bullfight
iaghklc: backlight
ryuopdc: byproduct
euislbb: bubbliest
roaasdc: broadcast
erttuaf: butterfat
eraasfk: breakfast
eioosdl: bloodiest
euioscn: bounciest
eruipln: blueprint
uoosdll: bloodlust
eerttis: bitterest
weriasn: brawniest
riialln: brilliant
ooosdhl: bloodshot
10
rooopsdl: bloodsport
eeeolvnn: benevolent
ttooosmm: bottommost
eriopakn: breakpoint
erruiadf: breadfruit
eeerttnm: betterment
rrtiighh: birthright
eertaskc: backstreet
eiioshcm: biochemist
eetiassl: beastliest
eeeifcnn: beneficent
eettalnm: battlement
iooaslln: balloonist
erruuaac: bureaucrat
eeeusnmm: bemusement
eeafflnm: bafflement
eiashnnm: banishment
eeroasdh: broadsheet
11
eeeeravnm: bereavement
eeeidlvnm: bedevilment
eeeriglln: belligerent
eeeuiglnm: beguilement
weeerttis: bittersweet
eroadbnmm: bombardment
12
rruaaklccn: blackcurrant
eerriifgnn: birefringent
eruiioashv: behaviourist
weeeridlnm: bewilderment
wetiaaghnm: bantamweight
14
ertiiooasglc: bacteriologist
15
erttiioossdhl: bloodthirstiest
etiiooosghlcn: biotechnologist

bu
4
ea: beau
5
ioj: bijou
6
iass: bissau
erua: bureau

bw
3
o: bow
4
el: blew
ro: brow
ol: blow
ra: braw
er: brew
5
yal: bylaw
eol: below
6
rruo: burrow
eyal: byelaw
rroo: borrow
rroa: barrow
eoll: bellow
etos: bestow
ioll: billow
8
uoagln: bungalow
9
eeodfll: bedfellow
12
errtioahln: brotherinlaw
13
errtioashln: brothersinlaw

bp
3
a: bap
o: bop
4
ee: beep
um: bump
il: blip
ru: burp
5
eob: bebop
ilm: blimp
eel: bleep
6
etua: beatup
tiam: bitmap
uakc: backup
wuol: blowup
iosh: bishop
7
ruush: brushup
tuuil: builtup
uuidl: buildup
eruak: breakup
8
roadkc: backdrop
oooshk: bookshop
woallm: blowlamp
9
rtyooab: boobytrap
rttooas: bootstrap
erttuuc: buttercup
10
ettiashl: battleship
12
riiashknnm: brinkmanship

br
3
a: bar
u: bur
4
oo: boor
ru: burr
eo: boer
ei: bier
ee: beer
ea: bear
oa: boar
ul: blur
5
eul: bluer
eak: baker
ero: borer
weo: bower
ead: bader
eox: boxer
eyu: buyer
era: barer
eik: biker
eti: biter
eas: baser
ria: briar
6
eadl: balder
eedn: bender
erac: bracer
erok: broker
eidn: binder
eadg: badger
etta: batter
aaaz: bazaar
erta: barter
erak: barker
eedd: bedder
erav: braver
eupm: bumper
etoh: bother
weer: brewer
eusk: busker
erab: barber
euff: buffer
erib: briber
ettu: butter
etis: bestir
eera: bearer
eerb: berber
weol: blower, bowler
eann: banner
eobm: bomber
erug: burger
ealz: blazer
etti: bitter
ruas: bursar
erod: border
etan: banter
etoa: boater
etah: bather
eidd: bidder
eagg: bagger, beggar
eeep: beeper
erun: burner
eikc: bicker
eagn: banger
eett: better
eeav: beaver
eeak: beaker
eugl: bugler
eugg: bugger
eoom: boomer
eeta: beater
eion: bonier
eiol: boiler
etul: butler
eukn: bunker
eakc: backer
euzz: buzzer
eakn: banker
eooz: boozer
euis: busier
eigg: bigger
eodl: bolder
7
weron: browner
eeeif: beefier
eerak: breaker
etuis: bustier
etoos: booster
eoolm: bloomer
erign: bringer
eaddl: bladder
ruagl: burglar
eriol: broiler
eiagg: baggier
euagb: bugbear
weiad: bawdier
erash: brasher
euklc: buckler
euipm: bumpier
eerif: briefer
iopal: bipolar
eioss: bossier
etuhc: butcher
eodln: blonder
eeiad: beadier
eugln: bungler
weros: browser
etosl: bolster
euffl: bluffer
etusl: bluster
erisk: brisker
eroad: boarder, broader
eeakl: bleaker
etasl: blaster
eidln: blinder
ettal: battler
eruil: burlier
etuln: blunter
eialm: balmier
weral: brawler
weroa: boerwar
weodl: bowlder
eeedl: bleeder
eulbb: blubber
euidl: builder
eruis: bruiser
eiadn: bandier
eudln: blunder
euocn: bouncer
eulbm: bumbler
eakln: blanker
etoas: boaster
eeerd: breeder
ettol: blotter, bottler
eeepl: bleeper
eaklc: blacker
eedln: blender
eriaz: brazier
eaffl: baffler
euikl: bulkier
eushl: blusher
euodn: bounder
erria: barrier
ealbb: babbler, blabber
etisl: blister
uiood: boudoir
euish: bushier
euodl: boulder
eikln: blinker
ertoh: brother
8
eoahlc: bachelor
eippag: bagpiper
eeadkm: bedmaker
eeeriz: breezier
eeignn: beginner
eeeilv: believer
etuasl: baluster
euoalb: belabour
ertigh: brighter
eertya: betrayer
eriian: brainier
eeodcv: bedcover
eaalcn: balancer
eeriln: berliner
eioodl: bloodier
eerrod: borderer
weeidl: bewilder
eeodhl: beholder
eeahlc: bleacher
euilbb: bubblier
werroo: borrower
etiasn: banister
eerrta: barterer
euiocn: bouncier
werian: brawnier
eertah: breather
9
eettisd: bedsitter
uioalcn: binocular
eriiadg: brigadier
euodllz: bulldozer
eeeetaf: beefeater
etiasnn: bannister
eertadn: bartender
etyasdn: bystander
errtias: barrister
wettaah: bathwater
euioahv: behaviour
eeuaccn: buccaneer
eooakkm: bookmaker
eertoam: barometer
wetaakc: backwater
10
euoalllc: bluecollar
eeooskll: bookseller
eepashlm: blasphemer
weertaak: breakwater
eriopagh: biographer
eioodkbn: bookbinder
erioadbm: bombardier
eeetssll: bestseller
eeadhcbm: bedchamber
eeeoopkk: bookkeeper
ettyiasb: babysitter
eryiaklc: bricklayer
eeerufgb: beefburger
eetuiiaf: beautifier
epaakkcc: backpacker
eruiadgg: budgerigar
weriopan: brainpower
eetoafcn: benefactor
11
eeoahccbm: beachcomber
eeahkccbn: backbencher
wertiadhc: birdwatcher
weeriadnn: breadwinner
etuosklcb: blockbuster
eiaakllcm: blackmailer
ertoaasdc: broadcaster
12
eertyaashl: breathalyser
14
erttiioosdhl: bloodthirstier
eerttuaaddbn: breadandbutter

bs
3
u: bus
4
ag: bags
ee: bees
ed: beds
eg: begs
an: bans
as: bass
ey: byes
in: bins
ia: bias
et: bets
ib: bibs
id: bids
ru: burs
tu: buts
wo: bows
ra: bars, bras
ti: bits
ta: bats
yo: boys
ya: bays
yu: buys
oo: boos
og: bogs
ob: bobs
oa: boas
um: bmus, bums
un: buns
ud: buds
ug: bugs
os: boss
op: bops
5
all: balls
alm: balms
rta: brats
roo: boors
roa: boars
edn: bends
ttu: butts
tti: bitts
eul: blues
ell: bells
wro: brows
eua: beaus
wer: brews
uog: bogus
adn: bands
uon: bonus
eus: buses
alb: blabs
upm: bumps
eet: beets
eep: beeps
eer: beers
eef: beefs
olb: blobs
olc: blocs
odn: bonds
wol: blows, bowls
esl: bless
era: bares, bears
run: burns
rul: blurs
tus: busts
uff: buffs
tuo: bouts
ask: basks
rup: burps
ets: bests
obm: bombs
ill: bills
ety: bytes
ekc: becks
idn: binds
eta: bates, beats
akn: banks
yuo: buoys
isl: bliss
akc: backs
eti: bites
etl: belts
ipl: blips
ial: bails
wal: bawls
ukn: bunks
ukl: bulks
too: boots
tol: blots, bolts
toa: boats
ukc: bucks
ias: basis
eak: bakes, beaks
eam: beams
eal: bales
ean: beans
oom: booms
oon: boons
ead: beads
ook: books
ogn: bongs
eas: bases
aab: babas
erg: bergs
eid: bides
ull: bulls
ulb: bulbs
eik: bikes
ero: boers, bores
eil: biles
rag: brags
rad: bards
rab: barbs
ran: barns, brans
ann: banns
rak: barks
rim: brims
ras: brass
rid: birds
tah: baths
rya: brays
tia: baits
eab: babes
iol: boils
agn: bangs
eod: bodes
eon: bones
eox: boxes
6
uogh: boughs
erri: briers
iplm: blimps
erox: boxers
wral: brawls
eerd: breeds
weol: bowels
eash: bashes
rikn: brinks
oodl: bloods
tuln: blunts
eert: berets
oolm: blooms
eass: basses
eyal: belays
euis: busies
eryu: buyers
rian: brains
uidl: builds
erti: biters
erth: berths
rtuu: brutus
etif: befits
rtus: bursts
iasc: basics
rtul: blurts
rtun: brunts
wron: browns
ertu: brutes
uakl: baulks
iasn: basins
eepl: bleeps
eyog: bogeys
etas: beasts
radn: brands
etua: beauts
etal: bleats
etah: bathes
eipc: biceps
eipd: bipeds
erui: buries
eugl: bugles, bulges
tiak: batiks
rikc: bricks
eokl: blokes
eoss: bosses
roan: barons
oklc: blocks
road: boards
eadl: blades
erro: borers
rtih: births
eadg: badges
edln: blends
rign: brings
ealz: blazes
ealm: blames
iosn: bisons
rtoh: broths
eeil: belies
tooh: booths
eagl: bagels
oosn: bosons
oosm: bosoms
riol: broils
erin: brines
wyya: byways
rook: brooks
room: brooms
ypas: bypass
rood: broods
eias: biases
tiog: bigots
wyal: bylaws
idln: blinds
wero: bowers
eiab: babies
erag: barges
erad: beards, breads
erac: braces
eedl: bleeds
eral: blares
erak: bakers, brakes, breaks
rahm: brahms
erav: braves
erif: briefs
erid: brides
eush: bushes
eilb: bibles
eelv: bevels
erib: bribes
riad: braids
akln: blanks
aklc: blacks
eell: belles
toan: batons
toah: bathos
eets: besets
uffl: bluffs
eiog: bogies
eiod: bodies
eetg: begets
toas: boasts
euzz: buzzes
tasl: blasts
rulb: blurbs
odln: blonds
eooz: boozes
eign: begins, beings
uodn: bounds
eigl: bilges
ikln: blinks
toos: boosts
7
iobbn: bobbins
wrroo: borrows
ertul: butlers
eerdn: benders
oobnn: bonbons
iiocn: bionics
uahcc: bacchus
euosl: blouses
euosn: bonuses
uionn: bunions
eeadl: beadles
eruff: buffers
euocn: bounces
toall: ballots
easdn: badness
upakc: backups
eugln: bungles
eruua: bureaus
eridn: binders
eridl: bridles
eridg: bridges
uuolb: bulbous
eridd: bidders
oaabb: baobabs
ettan: battens
ettal: battles
eerra: bearers
eralb: barbels
eerri: berries
tighl: blights
eralz: blazers
wrruo: burrows
eruis: bruises
eudln: bundles
eiodc: bodices
toopx: boxtops
eeetl: beetles
weoll: bellows
erupm: bumpers
eisgn: bigness
eudgb: bedbugs
eaffl: baffles
eradg: badgers
tiadn: bandits
eeill: bellies
weyal: byelaws
aaahm: bahamas
ioasm: biomass
erass: brasses
werol: blowers, bowlers
erral: barrels
euhcn: bunches
errak: barkers
euklc: buckles
weerr: brewers
ertus: busters
erudn: burdens
erakn: bankers
etukc: buckets
aadll: ballads
erulb: burbles
taasl: basalts
erakc: backers
ertun: brunets
eeohv: behoves
uiiol: bilious
eualb: baubles
etask: baskets
eiass: biasses
iiikn: bikinis
eagln: bangles
errab: barbers
eiobb: bobbies
typah: bypaths
erozn: bronzes
eeifl: beliefs
eertt: betters
eulbm: bumbles
etill: billets
eeagl: beagles
ettol: bottles
erugl: buglers, burgles
eoacn: beacons
wetos: bestows
eerta: beaters
errib: bribers
erobm: bombers
etisc: bisects
eruog: brogues
wrroa: barrows
eodln: blondes
eeehc: beeches
euigg: buggies
eolbb: bobbles
eriid: birdies
iagkn: bakings
euill: bullies
eodhl: beholds
etull: bullets
eetim: betimes
weros: browses
etusl: bustles
iopsh: bishops
etudg: budgets
erugg: buggers
eehlc: belches
eokcn: beckons
erihc: birches
euidg: budgies
euidd: buddies
ioffn: boffins
etonn: bonnets
eeahc: beaches
etall: ballets
errod: borders
erttu: butters
eiook: bookies
weial: bewails
rtion: britons
errok: brokers
ertta: batters
eidhn: behinds
ertoa: boaters, borates
raaaz: bazaars
riadl: bridals
ertti: bitters
ertoh: bothers
eulbb: bubbles
eyogn: bygones
wioll: billows
eoanm: bemoans
eriol: boilers
ttuon: buttons
eragn: bangers
errun: burners
eehcn: benches
eedkc: bedecks
erooz: boozers
errug: burgers
eragg: beggars
uafgl: bagfuls
eessl: blesses
eeocm: becomes
eushl: blushes, bushels
euinn: bunnies
erook: bookers
etuff: buffets
eerak: beakers
rruas: bursars
eeahv: behaves
erukn: bunkers
ooabm: bamboos
ooabn: baboons
erann: banners
erusk: buskers
erush: brushes
ertya: betrays
etahc: batches
ttoom: bottoms
eetoo: bootees
epadn: bedpans
eerav: beavers
eoggl: boggles
eogln: belongs
eeisd: besides
ertia: baiters
etihc: bitches
ruial: burials
eruzz: buzzers
taanm: bantams
ertas: breasts
eioob: boobies
eafll: befalls
ertah: bathers, breaths
eeerz: breezes
ealbb: babbles
aaann: bananas
8
erroad: boarders
wruakl: bulwarks
eaadll: ballades
eigggn: beggings
erttoh: betroths
iodgnn: bondings
paasdn: bandpass
eeosln: boneless
errias: brasiers
erussl: brussels
eroasn: baroness
eiosdl: bodiless
eroadn: broadens
aaddln: badlands
ioaflc: bifocals
errria: barriers
eeriak: bakeries
eaalcn: balances
eriakn: breakins
eiagln: belgians
erioan: baronies
eriacc: breccias
ertosl: bolsters
iiglln: billings
eriagn: bearings
eaaggg: baggages
eetifn: benefits
eruklc: bucklers
eruhcn: brunches
eiiops: biopsies
riadgn: brigands
tipasm: baptisms
roadbm: bombards
eeeihv: beehives
aaaklv: baklavas
euiodn: bedouins
ruignn: burnings
etiagn: beatings
ruoogh: boroughs
qetuan: banquets
eiashn: banishes
ooassn: bassoons
eroohc: brooches
eerosd: bedsores
erttus: buttress
eruocn: bouncers
erruis: bruisers
ruiood: boudoirs
erudln: blunders
eraddl: bladders
ertoas: boasters
errtoh: brothers
werros: browsers
ruadzz: buzzards
ertadh: breadths
uiddgn: buddings
eioodl: bloodies
etuion: bounties
eralbm: brambles
werion: brownies
eralbb: babblers, brabbles
eetuia: beauties
riaagn: bargains
euissn: business
etookl: booklets
tioasn: bastions
easdln: baldness
rraakc: barracks
etiakn: beatniks
eeerrd: breeders
eruodn: bounders
eruodl: boulders
eoodkn: bookends
tioalb: bobtails
iiddgn: biddings
eeahlc: bleaches
ttyooc: boycotts
erugln: bunglers
ertasl: blasters
eertah: breathes
ertisl: blisters, bristles
uioagm: bigamous
eiddgn: beddings
eepask: bespeaks
eerasn: bareness
ooalln: balloons
eroolm: bloomers
etyoan: bayonets
eioagn: begonias
ttuahb: bathtubs
iogbnm: bombings
ertohl: brothels
ruoobn: bourbons
eiadgn: beadings
erupak: breakups
riaadm: barmaids
oagklc: backlogs
eiadgh: bigheads
eriian: binaries
iiolln: billions
etigln: beltings
tuiisc: biscuits
erttal: battlers
toasbm: bombasts
eroodm: bedrooms
erahcn: branches
eroahc: broaches
rtoasl: borstals
erraag: barrages
easklc: backless
eeeiln: beelines
iiaffl: bailiffs
eerifl: belfries
eroklc: blockers
eidgnn: bendings
eerdln: blenders
etipas: baptises
ertuhc: butchers
uioacv: bivouacs
errugh: burghers
weioln: bowlines
qetuuo: bouquets
oaaznn: bonanzas
eeeilv: believes
erulbm: bumblers
eriofn: bonfires
etohlc: blotches
uiallc: bacillus
eeerdl: bleeders
rtaasd: bastards
eerahc: breaches
ertoan: baronets
qeetus: bequests
eertam: beermats
ioogkn: bookings
ttuokc: buttocks
eeidlv: bedevils
eriadg: brigades
etakln: blankets
uipknm: bumpkins
epalln: ballpens
eeerhc: breeches
eippag: bagpipes
eyilcc: bicycles
eialvv: bivalves
ttipas: baptists
rtuasd: bustards
taasll: ballasts
eruffl: bluffers
ooaakz: bazookas
uuipdl: buildups
eruogn: burgeons
rruagl: burglars
tiiagn: baitings
eruagb: bugbears
eruidl: builders
eosdln: boldness
uodgll: bulldogs
ertoos: boosters
eipaln: biplanes
eeusln: blueness
eetidm: bedtimes
eaklcn: blackens
uooffn: buffoons
eaadgn: bandages
erushl: blushers
eriadn: brandies
uokllc: bullocks
etoosl: bootless
ertusl: blusters
eetokn: betokens
eeassl: baseless
eeassn: baseness
eerrak: breakers
erriaz: braziers
ertakc: brackets
roadll: bollards
eeashn: banshees
oosslm: blossoms
erikln: blinkers
eypass: bypasses
eriodm: bromides
iidgnn: bindings
9
wraadkc: backwards
eriadgc: birdcages
eeasllm: blameless
eeerilv: believers
euadhkl: bulkheads
etuslnn: bluntness
qetuuio: boutiques
eisdlnn: blindness
wruodzz: buzzwords
easklnn: blankness
euiaslx: bisexuals
eruidlb: bluebirds
paakkcc: backpacks
eruushl: bulrushes
eriaskn: bearskins
eoakcbn: backbones
eissgln: blessings
eertalc: bracelets
werosnn: brownness
eeetsdh: bedsheets
eerasdl: beardless
tuuiopm: bumptious
rooallm: ballrooms
eeruacb: barbecues
eerodhl: beholders
eettuag: baguettes
eaasllb: baseballs
eriifgn: briefings
eeraagk: breakages
weeerri: breweries
eriafkc: backfires
wuoagln: bungalows
wroookm: bookworms
eeiasln: baselines
rrtaagg: braggarts
rioadgn: boardings
euodgln: bludgeons
tuoaklc: blackouts
ertioan: baritones
eroahlc: bachelors
erruohc: brochures
werrroo: borrowers
eeroohl: boreholes
eerahlc: bleachers
ooopshk: bookshops
riadlzz: blizzards
ertiasn: banisters
iiasskl: basilisks
etuilln: bulletins
eoadklc: blockades
eerttia: batteries
ertuasl: balusters
wetoasl: bestowals
ertighn: brightens
erruias: bursaries
eiasdkc: backsides
eraalcn: barnacles
rtiakcb: brickbats
erisskn: briskness
wooadkc: backwoods
rtyiadh: birthdays
eeishlm: blemishes
rtiadhb: birdbaths
eetuuoa: beauteous
etuuoon: bounteous
eeaskln: bleakness
eeeeshc: beseeches
eeeragv: beverages
ettiisn: bittiness
eeradkm: bedmakers
eriasln: brainless
riiadll: billiards
eroasdn: broadness
eerignn: beginners
eeridfn: befriends
eetasnm: basements
euisshn: bushiness
rruoaab: barbarous
eioalcn: balconies
uiidgln: buildings
eeulllb: bluebells
rtupakn: bankrupts
ttioasn: botanists
weeridl: bewilders
iiaaslc: basilicas
eetiiaf: beatifies
weioppl: blowpipes
euosdln: boundless
ertyaal: betrayals
eerttun: brunettes
rooakkm: bookmarks
eetasdd: bedsteads
eettill: belittles
tiiasgm: bigamists
rtooahm: bathrooms
eiosssn: bossiness
etooalc: bootlaces
eiialnn: biennials
eoosdll: bloodless
easdlnn: blandness
erasshn: brashness
eooaskc: bookcases
eerrtya: betrayers
eruioog: bourgeois
etoaknn: banknotes
eoagklc: blockages
easklcn: blackness
10
epaaskcc: backspaces
rtiiohcn: bronchitis
ertyasdn: bystanders
erriaagn: bargainers
ertuipln: blueprints
wertaakc: backwaters
eeruaccn: buccaneers
errrtias: barristers
aaaallcv: balaclavas
eiiggnnn: beginnings
eruoadlv: boulevards
eryiodfn: boyfriends
erahkcnm: benchmarks
tuuiionm: bituminous
eruodllz: bulldozers
erioasdd: broadsides
etuiffgn: buffetings
ruioalcn: binoculars
etuooash: boathouses
etiiaaln: banalities
erriiadg: brigadiers
eruioadn: boundaries
tiaskllc: blacklists
eerrasnn: barrenness
iaakllcm: blackmails
eettuiad: beatitudes
erttuupc: buttercups
erruiagl: burglaries
ertiasnn: bannisters
etaaskln: beanstalks
etiishcn: bitchiness
weryaaak: breakaways
eroaadgm: boardgames
riiopshc: bishoprics
weriaavn: brainwaves
rriaaabn: barbarians
eeuisssn: businesses
eetodhlc: bedclothes
erooagnm: boomerangs
eertashl: breathless
ertiaghn: breathings
rroooadm: boardrooms
ertisghn: brightness
eeroassn: baronesses
eerrtoam: barometers
eeriopsh: biospheres
eriallcn: braincells
riadklcb: blackbirds
rrtiahkm: birthmarks
ertiadlb: birdtables
eerasznn: brazenness
erooakkm: bookmakers
eiogglnn: belongings
rtyuopdc: byproducts
ioddflln: blindfolds
rttoopas: bootstraps
eruioahv: behaviours
tiiislcb: biblicists
rtaakkcc: backtracks
eeeeerpk: beekeepers
rttioopn: bootprints
ertiiocm: biometrics
rtyoopab: boobytraps
eoadhklc: blockheads
eooalzbm: bamboozles
tooaskll: bookstalls
ertuioos: boisterous
eerttuss: buttresses
eyuiosdb: busybodies
ttioaaln: battalions
rtoaasdc: broadcasts
eriasdhn: brandishes
eriaalln: ballerinas
rioadllb: billboards
eetuiiaf: beautifies
rtyiohhm: biorhythms
wrrioogn: borrowings
ryuoaddg: bodyguards
qeerttui: briquettes
eerttisn: bitterness
uiiaglln: bilinguals
eerpasdd: bedspreads
tiioosgl: biologists
eerttisd: bedsitters
rtiaaskc: backstairs
ettooslm: bottomless
ertaasfk: breakfasts
eeriasfc: briefcases
eriigkcn: bickerings
woaadgnn: bandwagons
eaadhklc: blackheads
eeriasfl: basreliefs
erriaadc: barricades
etuufklc: bucketfuls
tiiasllc: ballistics
erioosdn: broodiness
weroadkn: breakdowns
weeodfll: bedfellows
weryiadl: bridleways
wtiaddhn: bandwidths
11
eeesssdln: blessedness
ertiopsll: billposters
erooddhln: bondholders
ettoollbm: bellbottoms
rtiooskcm: broomsticks
eruusdlbn: blunderbuss
erryoalcn: barleycorns
erryiaklc: bricklayers
erroaaddb: breadboards
erriopagh: biographers
rtooopsdl: bloodsports
tiooaslln: balloonists
eetiassln: beastliness
eeertssll: bestsellers
eeipashlm: blasphemies
rrttiighh: birthrights
eertuiiaf: beautifiers
erttuiial: brutalities
eetyiolcn: byelections
eeetasdln: belatedness
eriiopagh: biographies
etiioshcm: biochemists
ertiopakn: breakpoints
erttyiasb: babysitters
eerttasdl: battledress
eerttisln: brittleness
weerrtaak: breakwaters
euassfhln: bashfulness
eeuosddnn: boundedness
eertoafcn: benefactors
wertoohlc: blowtorches
eettuollb: bluebottles
uoooddhln: bloodhounds
errtiiaab: barbarities
eriiasddm: bridesmaids
ertuisshn: brutishness
qeeruussn: brusqueness
tiashklcm: blacksmiths
wrrooasdd: broadswords
errioodgm: bridegrooms
eerriaszn: bizarreness
erpaakkcc: backpackers
euopashlm: blasphemous
rtiashklc: blackshirts
eetttalnm: battlements
eertoasdh: broadsheets
rioopadhc: brachiopods
eeooshklv: bookshelves
ertuaasdl: balustrades
erruadcbm: breadcrumbs
eeerrufgb: beefburgers
eerooskll: booksellers
eeerruilb: blueberries
eerpashlm: blasphemers
eerttuifl: butterflies
rrtioasnm: brainstorms
ettipashl: battleships
erioodkbn: bookbinders
eerttaskc: backstreets
ruoadgkcn: backgrounds
erioosshn: boorishness
errtuuaac: bureaucrats
tiooasdln: bloodstains
ettuoohln: buttonholes
eettoklcn: bottlenecks
roaadklcb: blackboards
eruidglnn: blunderings
12
werrtiadhc: birdwatchers
eerriaklcb: blackberries
etyiiosshn: biosynthesis
rrtuuooasn: brontosaurus
eeertasfcn: benefactress
eriaakllcm: blackmailers
eeertiglln: belligerents
eettiadfll: battlefields
eerrioaklm: boilermakers
rtuiioafcn: bifurcations
eetioafcnn: benefactions
eriaagllbn: ballbearings
eerrtiaasn: brainteasers
ertuipakcn: bankruptcies
eetiiodcnn: benedictions
eruoosdklc: bloodsuckers
eriiioalln: billionaires
ertuosklcb: blockbusters
errtoaasdc: broadcasters
eeeertavnm: bereavements
eertissghn: brightnesses
eerahkccbn: backbenchers
weraasdkcn: backwardness
weerriadnn: breadwinners
etuoassfln: boastfulness
ertoadbnmm: bombardments
errttuiaab: barbiturates
13
eeoosssdlln: bloodlessness
ertuiioashv: behaviourists
errtuoaghhk: breakthroughs
eeriassslnn: brainlessness
eeeasssllnm: blamelessness
erttuoadgln: battlegrounds
etiasdhlnnm: blandishments
rrtuaaklccn: blackcurrants
eeeriiiafcn: beneficiaries
eerruuiaacc: bureaucracies
eerrtyaashl: breathalysers
14
ettiiioaafcn: beatifications
eriiiopaghlb: bibliographies
eeertassshln: breathlessness
15
eerioasdddnnm: broadmindedness
erttiiooasglc: bacteriologists
16
eeyioosdddlnnm: bloodymindedness
ettiiooosghlcn: biotechnologists

bx
8
eruoad: bordeaux
3
o: box
5
roa: borax
eua: beaux
6
uioj: bijoux
7
eeuln: benelux
weeas: beeswax
eruua: bureaux

by
2
: by
3
a: bay
u: buy
o: boy
4
on: bony
ab: baby
ru: bury
og: bogy
od: body
us: busy
uo: buoy
ra: bray
ox: boxy
ev: bevy
5
alm: balmy
onn: bonny
ugl: bulgy
oss: bossy
ugg: buggy
rak: barky
rin: briny
tti: bitty
tta: batty
oob: booby
ell: belly
wad: bawdy
toh: bothy
ush: bushy
add: baddy
ukl: bulky
too: booty
adl: badly, baldy
eam: beamy
eal: belay
rul: burly
ean: beany
wya: byway
tus: busty
ead: beady
udd: buddy
ogg: boggy
upm: bumpy
eog: bogey
err: berry
agg: baggy
ill: billy
obb: bobby
eon: boney
eer: beery
unn: bunny
ull: bully
eef: beefy
evv: bevvy
6
tihc: bitchy
adll: baldly
wran: brawny
eral: barely, barley, bleary
erta: betray
erak: bakery
iops: biopsy
iasf: basify
tuon: bounty
uakl: baulky
eusl: bluesy
eahc: beachy
easl: basely
radn: brandy
oodl: bloody
uocn: bouncy
rass: brassy
oolm: bloomy
eerz: breezy
rian: binary, brainy
toan: botany
etua: beauty
oabm: bombay
iagm: bigamy
rtta: bratty
uisl: busily
ulbb: bubbly
iodl: bodily
rush: brushy
rrul: blurry
rood: broody
odll: boldly
roan: barony
erfl: belfry
oklc: blocky
7
eoaln: baloney
roadl: broadly
wioll: billowy
ertiv: brevity
rashl: brashly
errav: bravery
tohlc: blotchy
weerr: brewery
wofll: blowfly
eragg: beggary
eridn: bindery
ertta: battery
eralv: bravely
etiaf: beatify
erifl: briefly
adlln: blandly
ertah: breathy
etasl: beastly
eeran: beanery
erugg: buggery
rruas: bursary
tulln: bluntly
errib: bribery
idlln: blindly
rtiog: bigotry
rtisl: bristly
eakll: bleakly
rahcn: branchy
riskl: briskly
erttu: buttery
ioogl: biology
riial: biliary
akllc: blackly
oalcn: balcony
aklln: blankly
8
tiigln: bitingly
yuosdb: busybody
wroaad: broadway
rtuall: brutally
weeikl: biweekly
rtighl: brightly
ruudgn: burgundy
erttil: bitterly
eraggl: beggarly
taalcn: blatancy
etihll: blithely
ertias: bestiary
eralzn: brazenly
ioodll: bloodily
tiaaln: banality
afkllc: blackfly
rtiadn: banditry
etuiaf: beautify
rtiadh: birthday
tuiisc: biscuity
rruagl: burglary
riogln: boringly
ruoadn: boundary
eerilz: breezily
erokln: brokenly
eraalb: bearably
eiglnn: benignly
ertuhc: butchery
eriall: blearily
ertusl: blustery
yuoacn: buoyancy
ertiom: biometry
erriav: breviary
ertask: basketry
rtaasd: bastardy
yioshl: boyishly
9
riooshl: boorishly
eeusdlm: bemusedly
ertuadg: budgetary
ttaalln: blatantly
euaflll: balefully
weraaak: breakaway
iaasllc: basically
riaglcn: bracingly
weriadl: bridleway
eetadll: belatedly
tiohlnm: bimonthly
erttalc: battlecry
rrtiaab: barbarity
riopagh: biography
tyuoaln: buoyantly
errtohl: brotherly
eerrulb: blueberry
erttufl: butterfly
errialz: bizarrely
rttuial: brutality
etiignn: benignity
uasfhll: bashfully
epashlm: blasphemy
qeruusl: brusquely
10
erraklcb: blackberry
tuoasfll: boastfully
rtupakcn: bankruptcy
uissflll: blissfully
iidgllnn: blindingly
ioggglln: bogglingly
ettiiasl: bestiality
rioodgln: broodingly
iaffglln: bafflingly
uisghlln: blushingly
iialllcb: biblically
riiallcn: brilliancy
eeiallvb: believably
eruooffn: buffoonery
11
rtiiallln: brilliantly
eeriiafcn: beneficiary
rruoaaslb: barbarously
eetidghln: benightedly
tioaallcn: botanically
tuuioflln: bountifully
etuiiaslx: bisexuality
eertiacnn: bicentenary
etiiosllc: bellicosity
eeasslllm: blamelessly
ertiaalll: bilaterally
eriasslln: brainlessly
etuuiafll: beautifully
erruuaacc: bureaucracy
wertoahlm: blameworthy
12
rttioosdhl: bloodthirsty
ertiioshcm: biochemistry
ertuioossl: boisterously
eruidgggln: begrudgingly
ertiooaglc: bacteriology
eeetollvnn: benevolently
eeiiafllcn: beneficially
eertasshll: breathlessly
iiooaglllc: biologically
riiopaghlb: bibliography
ertiiiosdv: biodiversity
rriaaallcb: barbarically
eeeisghlcn: beseechingly
ertiisglln: blisteringly
13
eruioaahllv: behaviourally
etioooghlcn: biotechnology
weeriidglln: bewilderingly
eeertigllln: belligerently
eetiiiallvb: believability
eiioahllccm: biochemically
euopasshllm: blasphemously
14
erttiaaghkln: breathtakingly
riiopaaghllc: biographically
16
errtuuiaaallcc: bureaucratically

bz
3
i: biz
4
uz: buzz
5
til: blitz

oo
8
rrtioa: oratorio
4
tn: onto
ih: ohio
sl: oslo
5
tud: outdo
tug: outgo
6
erdv: overdo
tacv: octavo
7
rtian: ontario

on
2
: on
3
w: own
4
em: omen
ex: oxen
ev: oven
id: odin
ep: open
5
rag: organ
eak: oaken
eac: ocean
edl: olden
ion: onion
etf: often
6
tiop: option
rtuu: outrun
rtua: outran
ialm: oilman
eilm: oilmen
riad: ordain
rpah: orphan
eygx: oxygen
tiab: obtain
riig: origin
7
tioav: ovation
rtioa: oration
ttoam: ottoman
toagc: octagon
riaav: ovarian
raasm: oarsman
tupas: outspan
errav: overran
iiopn: opinion
erasm: oarsmen
erruv: overrun
8
tiipac: optician
ryooxm: oxymoron
yipalm: olympian
wrtuog: outgrown
erialv: overlain
ioascc: occasion
iiolvb: oblivion
iiasdb: obsidian
iiossm: omission
errtuv: overturn
eeersv: overseen
9
etuopsk: outspoken
tiioadx: oxidation
rtuaagn: orangutan
eertosg: oestrogen
tuioalv: ovulation
eiosssb: obsession
weroflv: overflown
ertiopa: operation
eeradlv: overladen
werradv: overdrawn
eertakv: overtaken
uasdbmm: ombudsman
werrogv: overgrown
uioslcc: occlusion
eusdbmm: ombudsmen
etiojcb: objection
10
tiioopps: opposition
ruiioslm: orimulsion
werrtohv: overthrown
rtiioadn: ordination
tuiopacc: occupation
tiioaglb: obligation
ertoadhc: octahedron
erioppss: oppression
tttuioas: outstation
eerriddv: overridden
11
rttuioscb: obstruction
rtiiioagn: origination
tiiioasdx: oxidisation
rtuioascb: obscuration
etttioasn: ostentation
tuioasfcb: obfuscation
weerrttiv: overwritten
erttiioan: orientation
ertioasvb: observation
tiioasllc: oscillation
etyioagxn: oxygenation
12
ttiiiopasm: optimisation
erttiioalb: obliteration
rtiioaasgn: organisation
eettyoglbn: onlybegotten
tiiioassfc: ossification
ertioaagcn: octogenarian
eerrtioacv: overreaction
erttiiascb: obstetrician
13
errttioashc: orchestration
erttioaannm: ornamentation
14
ertuiooppalv: overpopulation
errtuioopdcv: overproduction
eerttiioasvm: overestimation
ertiooaallcv: overallocation
18
ertiiiiopasflcvm: oversimplification

om
3
h: ohm
l: olm
4
uv: ovum
5
uip: opium
uak: oakum
uid: odium
6
uism: osmium
7
tuipm: optimum
uopss: opossum
8
tiipsm: optimism
riasgn: organism
9
eruuplc: operculum
tuislcc: occultism
weerhlv: overwhelm
rtiassc: ostracism
10
rruioppb: opprobrium
errtuopf: outperform
11
iioadfflc: officialdom
rtuioppsn: opportunism
ertiiasln: orientalism
12
rtuiasscbn: obscurantism
14
rttuiiosscbn: obstructionism

ol
3
i: oil
w: owl
4
pa: opal
ra: oral
av: oval
5
aff: offal
tac: octal
6
erad: ordeal
tiax: oxtail
7
tualc: outcall
tipac: optical
riadn: ordinal
tipam: optimal
tuafl: outfall
rtiab: orbital
etusl: outsell
eralv: overall
etaam: oatmeal
8
ertian: oriental
eruahv: overhaul
iiaffc: official
tiopan: optional
eriklv: overkill
eriflv: overfill
eiiolv: oliveoil
eruflv: overfull
riiagn: original
9
eripslv: overspill
toaagcn: octagonal
tiipacc: occipital
10
rrtioaac: oratorical
ertaadhc: octahedral
eertavnm: overmantel
ertaannm: ornamental
errtashc: orchestral
etiadccn: occidental
rtooaghn: orthogonal
ioaasccn: occasional
11
tiooaglcn: ontological
ertiopaan: operational
eioasssbn: obsessional
rrtooahnm: orthonormal
12
tiiooppasn: oppositional
tuiopaaccn: occupational
13
ertioaasvbn: observational
eertiooavnm: overemotional
14
rtiioaaasgnn: organisational
rrtiopaaghhc: orthographical
rtiiooaghlcn: ornithological
15
ertiiioadcnnm: omnidirectional

ok
8
ertuab: outbreak
ertoov: overtook
eroocv: overcook
tuafln: outflank
werrov: overwork
eroolv: overlook
2
: ok
3
a: oak
4
in: oink
7
tuacb: outback
tuool: outlook
eislb: obelisk
rtuan: outrank
wrtuo: outwork

oi
5
pak: okapi
7
riagm: origami

oh
2
: oh
3
o: ooh
4
uc: ouch
ta: oath
6
risg: ogrish
opam: oompah
isdl: oldish
iasf: oafish
wisl: owlish
7
wttui: outwith
rtisc: ostrich
8
erucvm: overmuch
ertuac: outreach
tiollc: oilcloth
wetuig: outweigh
9
eerracv: overreach
wrttuog: outgrowth
ettopas: osteopath
10
werrtogv: overgrowth
tuiasdln: outlandish
11
eerrttscv: overstretch

og
5
ran: orang
win: owing
6
igln: ogling
iiln: oiling
tipn: opting
olbn: oblong
riil: oilrig
iozn: oozing
winn: owning
tuin: outing
7
eyibn: obeying
tuisn: ousting
rtian: orating
eipnn: opening
iognn: ongoing
iipnn: opining
8
rtiibn: orbiting
tyuiln: outlying
ioppsn: opposing
erolvn: overlong
erridn: ordering
ttiinm: omitting
tuiogn: outgoing
erahvn: overhang
iiglbn: obliging
eruhvn: overhung
eriffn: offering
tuiodn: outdoing
9
tuiilvn: outliving
tuipacn: outpacing
iooklnn: onlooking
riiadnn: ordaining
ruiscbn: obscuring
etijcbn: objecting
rtuiagn: outraging
ertiinn: orienting
eidffnn: offending
eriodvn: overdoing
yuipccn: occupying
rruiccn: occurring
rtuidbn: obtruding
tiiavbn: obviating
ertipan: operating
eryilvn: overlying
erisvbn: observing
tuiilnn: outlining
tiiabnn: obtaining
eisssbn: obsessing
wtuialn: outlawing
iiisdxn: oxidising
10
ertiakvn: overtaking
erriidvn: overriding
ertiacvn: overacting
tttuuipn: outputting
erruilvn: overruling
errtusvn: overstrung
eertiavn: overeating
riiasgnn: organising
eeerisvn: overseeing
erippssn: oppressing
tiiipsnm: optimising
wrtuiogn: outgrowing
tuiishnn: outshining
wtttuiin: outwitting
eryiflvn: overflying
eryialvn: overlaying
eriosdvn: overdosing
eriocvnm: overcoming
rtuuiopn: outpouring
wrtuiokn: outworking
11
eruidvbbn: overdubbing
rtuuioscn: outsourcing
eriisfhvn: overfishing
etyiagxnn: oxygenating
iioasccnn: occasioning
erttiasvn: overstating
eertiahvn: overheating
erriagzvn: overgrazing
tuuiidlbn: outbuilding
werriokvn: overworking
rttuiscbn: obstructing
eriooklvn: overlooking
eerriavbn: overbearing
tiiasllcn: oscillating
erippalvn: overlapping
wetuiighn: outweighing
tiiiaffcn: officiating
ertiannnm: ornamenting
werioflvn: overflowing
eerriahvn: overhearing
weeerivnn: overweening
ttuiiopnn: outpointing
eriavnnnm: overmanning
werrtiivn: overwriting
erioadlvn: overloading
eriaghvnn: overhanging
errtuivnn: overturning
eryipalvn: overplaying
eruiahlvn: overhauling
ttuiasdnn: outstanding
erruivnnn: overrunning
rtiiiagnn: originating
eeeridfvn: overfeeding
12
eripaslvnm: oversampling
eeripsdvnn: overspending
rttuiippsn: outstripping
ertioskcvn: overstocking
ertuuibnnm: outnumbering
weerihlvnm: overwhelming
weerriopvn: overpowering
erttiialbn: obliterating
errtiipvnn: overprinting
eerriahcvn: overreaching
werrtiohvn: overthrowing
werriodcvn: overcrowding
eertippsvn: overstepping
eerrtiacvn: overreacting
eeerrtiinn: orienteering
ertiooshvn: overshooting
ertiahcvnm: overmatching
erriaghcvn: overcharging
13
weerrtiivnn: overwintering
errtuiopfnm: outperforming
werioasdhvn: overshadowing
errttiashcn: orchestrating
14
eerttiiasvnm: overestimating
15
eryiiipsflvnm: oversimplifying
16
eeerriiasglvnn: overgeneralising

of
8
eeralv: overleaf
2
: of
3
a: oaf
f: off
7
eesln: oneself

oe
3
r: ore
n: one
d: ode
w: owe
l: ole
4
oz: ooze
rg: ogre
gl: ogle
ob: oboe
cn: once
5
tav: ovate
rta: orate
idx: oxide
ozn: ozone
ipn: opine
ilv: olive
idl: oldie
esb: obese
ucn: ounce
rhc: ochre
6
opps: oppose
qupa: opaque
adgl: oldage
tipa: opiate
rrud: ordure
ragn: orange
tuag: outage
tacv: octave
eruv: oeuvre
iglb: oblige
tacn: octane
talb: oblate
iffc: office
ralc: oracle
tusb: obtuse
rtan: ornate
7
tiavb: obviate
roshn: onshore
quilb: oblique
eersv: oversee
tuodn: outdone
tuiln: outline
tupac: outpace
rtuag: outrage
tuisd: outside
tuisz: outsize
erilv: overlie
erudv: overdue
tuilv: outlive
escbn: obscene
erusv: overuse
rtuid: outride
effcn: offence
tuafc: outface
ruscb: obscure
riifc: orifice
ersvb: observe, obverse
ertav: overate
ertpa: operate
rtudb: obtrude
tuocm: outcome
taalx: oxalate
iisdx: oxidise
8
etoslb: obsolete
tiopps: opposite
ertivm: overtime
euplcn: opulence
erridv: override
erpalb: operable
tiaglb: obligate
errulv: overrule
erodvn: overdone
errtav: overrate
tiipsm: optimise
tuoshn: outshone
rtiadn: ordinate
errtuv: overture
rosffh: offshore
eracvm: overcame
riasgn: organise
radcnn: ordnance
ertovn: overtone
eriszv: oversize
erripv: overripe
tuuosh: outhouse
errodv: overrode
tuishn: outshine
rtuadb: obdurate
riovnm: omnivore
ertakv: overtake
taslcb: obstacle
erocvm: overcome
erosdv: overdose
eettlm: omelette
9
erttasv: overstate
werrtov: overwrote
eisssvb: obsessive
werrtiv: overwrite
tuasfcb: obfuscate
ttiasbn: obstinate
ertipav: operative
rtiassc: ostracise
erualvv: overvalue
eeidcbn: obedience
eiascbn: obeisance
rpaaghn: orphanage
rtiiagn: originate
riadcnn: ordinance
erridvv: overdrive
eisffvn: offensive
rtuisvb: obtrusive
rtuoppn: opportune
tiiaffc: officiate
etijcvb: objective
wertish: otherwise
erttian: orientate
tiasllc: oscillate
10
eraslvbb: observable
erascvbn: observance
errucccn: occurrence
ertialbn: orientable
tiaalbbn: obtainable
etisslbn: ostensible
erraghcv: overcharge
erippssv: oppressive
ertiacvv: overactive
erttialb: obliterate
11
riaasglbn: organisable
eiisccnnm: omniscience
rttuiscvb: obstructive
etiopcnnm: omnipotence
errttashc: orchestrate
12
eerruopsxv: overexposure
ertuuoavnm: outmanoeuvre
ioopssllcc: oscilloscope
eerttiasvm: overestimate
eeosslccbn: obsolescence
eerrrupssv: overpressure
eeripscnnm: omnipresence
13
eeripasshvm: overemphasise
etioajlcbbn: objectionable
eertiissvvn: oversensitive
14
eeruidglcvnn: overindulgence
eertopascvnm: overcompensate

od
3
d: odd
l: old
4
we: owed
5
etp: opted
iov: ovoid
wen: owned
egl: ogled
eoz: oozed
eil: oiled
6
eepn: opened
eikn: oinked
rofx: oxford
eyak: okayed
wran: onward
erta: orated
eipn: opined
tuib: outbid
eeyb: obeyed
tuid: outdid
rihc: orchid
etus: ousted
effn: offend
iiop: opioid
7
eerrd: ordered
tuosl: outsold
eerff: offered
ertib: orbited
wrtua: outward
eridv: overdid
rrahc: orchard
affhn: offhand
ertub: outbred
eerfv: overfed
eopps: opposed
erpan: operand
ettim: omitted
eiglb: obliged
8
etuiln: outlined
etiabn: obtained
yipalm: olympiad
eersvb: observed
etuifl: outfield
eedffn: offended
erpahn: orphaned
eroalv: overload
eiisdx: oxidised
etuilv: outlived
ettuad: outdated
qeuilb: obliqued
eudlcc: occluded
euipcc: occupied
errucc: occurred
etiavb: obviated
wetual: outlawed
eesssb: obsessed
erialv: overlaid
tuuobn: outbound
errolv: overlord
ertuag: outraged
eiissf: ossified
eertin: oriented
eertpa: operated
rtuoab: outboard
eripav: overpaid
erahvn: overhand
eiifll: oilfield
ettuov: outvoted
eeisdn: onesided
eerusv: overused
eerahv: overhead
etuodm: outmoded
eruscb: obscured
etuofx: outfoxed
ertudb: obtruded
eriadn: ordained
eetjcb: objected
etupac: outpaced
eralvn: overland
eeerfv: overfeed
9
eertacv: overacted
eeersxv: oversexed
eerrulv: overruled
etyupal: outplayed
eerrtav: overrated
eriasgn: organised
eerosdv: overdosed
eerpsvn: overspend
etiaglb: obligated
ettuasl: outlasted
werrocv: overcrowd
eerppss: oppressed
eerrahv: overheard
ertupas: outspread
etiipsm: optimised
eeriszv: oversized
eeryojv: overjoyed
ettyuas: outstayed
erroavb: overboard
wetttui: outwitted
10
eerttasv: overstated
eerripcv: overpriced
eerooklv: overlooked
eerypalv: overplayed
weetuigh: outweighed
etuafkln: outflanked
etiasllc: oscillated
ettuiopn: outpointed
etuasslc: outclassed
eeipdnnm: openminded
eerttian: orientated
etuasfcb: obfuscated
eertannm: ornamented
eerualvv: overvalued
eeruahlv: overhauled
eetyagxn: oxygenated
eioasccn: occasioned
eeertahv: overheated
erruogvn: overground
eepadhnn: openhanded
etiiaffc: officiated
ertiiagn: originated
eeroadlv: overloaded
eerrtuvn: overturned
ertiassc: ostracised
weeroflv: overflowed
erttuscb: obstructed
eerppalv: overlapped
weerrokv: overworked
eerookcv: overcooked
11
eertasffv: overstaffed
eeerrtacv: overreacted
eerpaslvm: oversampled
eerrtipvn: overprinted
weeerhlvm: overwhelmed
eeeropsxv: overexposed
eeertppsv: overstepped
etiiopann: opinionated
eeerrssdv: overdressed
erttuipps: outstripped
eerraghcv: overcharged
weerrodcv: overcrowded
eeerrahcv: overreached
eerttialb: obliterated
eertuubnm: outnumbered
eeertpahn: openhearted
eertusffv: overstuffed
weeerropv: overpowered
eetiifjcb: objectified
eertoskcv: overstocked
12
weeerrtivn: overwintered
eerrtuopfm: outperformed
eertttushc: outstretched
eerruopdcv: overproduced
weeroasdhv: overshadowed
eioasdfhln: oldfashioned
eertiaflvn: overinflated
eeerrtsssv: overstressed
eeeertdxvn: overextended
eerrttashc: orchestrated
eeerrudvbn: overburdened
13
eeerrttshcv: overstretched
eeerttighvn: overtightened
eertuoppalv: overpopulated
qeeruiiaflv: overqualified
eeerttiasvm: overestimated
eertuuoavnm: outmanoeuvred
14
eeeerrtidvnm: overdetermined
eerruisscvbb: oversubscribed
eeriiipsflvm: oversimplified
eeeripasshvm: overemphasised
15
eertiopalccvm: overcomplicated
eeeerriasglvn: overgeneralised
eeeeerrrtpsvn: overrepresented

oc
5
tip: optic
ihm: ohmic
6
ialx: oxalic
7
tiosm: osmotic
yiplm: olympic
eiacn: oceanic
tiiol: oolitic
riagn: organic
8
ertipa: operatic
9
erttisb: obstetric
10
ttiiipsm: optimistic
tipahhlm: ophthalmic
11
ertiopadh: orthopaedic
12
rrtiopaghh: orthographic
rrtioohhbm: orthorhombic
errtiaadvm: overdramatic
13
rttuiioppsn: opportunistic
eriopaaghcn: oceanographic
14
eerttiooplcn: optoelectronic
erttiiiopsvm: overoptimistic
16
eerttuiiasshvn: overenthusiastic

ob
3
r: orb
6
oddj: oddjob

oa
3
v: ova
4
rc: orca
5
erp: opera
egm: omega
6
tipm: optima
eedm: oedema
7
yiplm: olympia
ragzn: organza
8
oahklm: oklahoma
eerttp: operetta
9
errtshc: orchestra

oy
4
ln: only
ak: okay
eb: obey
rg: orgy
oz: oozy
il: oily
5
rav: ovary
ddl: oddly
6
erps: osprey
erlv: overly
tual: outlay
oogl: oology
upcc: occupy
tidd: oddity
rall: orally
epln: openly
rtuc: outcry
7
eyssd: odyssey
tipac: opacity
ttuas: outstay
etisb: obesity
errdl: orderly
tupal: outplay
erflv: overfly
erpav: overpay
rrtoa: oratory
quolb: obloquy
eralv: overlay
ertlv: overtly
8
erpalv: overplay
toogln: ontology
uiosdl: odiously
etognn: ontogeny
ruadcb: obduracy
rtuiab: obituary
rriadn: ordinary
wrtual: outlawry
ertaln: ornately
etuslb: obtusely
wishll: owlishly
9
eruslcb: obscurely
eeslcbn: obscenely
upacccn: occupancy
qtuiilb: obliquity
uioslvb: obviously
uioslnm: ominously
tipallc: optically
rtoodhx: orthodoxy
etiscbn: obscenity
tipallm: optimally
tiascbn: obstinacy
rtoaflc: olfactory
qeuillb: obliquely
rtuiscb: obscurity
wrtuadl: outwardly
ertashv: overhasty
errtoff: offertory
10
ettopash: osteopathy
eraslvbb: observably
iiggllbn: obligingly
tiopalln: optionally
iiaffllc: officially
eetidlbn: obediently
eeisddln: onesidedly
etisslbn: ostensibly
etioppsl: oppositely
ttiipalm: optimality
eruppslv: oversupply
riiaglln: originally
rriiadln: ordinarily
rtioaglb: obligatory
ertuadlb: obdurately
11
ettiaslbn: obstinately
rtiiiagln: originality
eeisfflvn: offensively
rtioasllc: oscillatory
eetijlcvb: objectively
ettiijcvb: objectivity
rrtopaghh: orthography
rttuioppn: opportunity
riaagllcn: organically
eeissslvb: obsessively
etuopskln: outspokenly
uiiosfflc: officiously
rtiooghln: ornithology
ttiiopaln: optionality
ertuoppln: opportunely
rtuoasfcb: obfuscatory
errtoasvb: observatory
uiooslxbn: obnoxiously
12
rtooaghlln: orthogonally
eerippsslv: oppressively
ertipaaccv: overcapacity
eropaaghcn: oceanography
rtiioagllb: obligatorily
qeuuiosslb: obsequiously
eriipsflvm: oversimplify
ioaasllccn: occasionally
ertuuoasgl: outrageously
13
ertiiaslvbb: observability
rttiooaghln: orthogonality
ertiopaalln: operationally
toopaghhllm: ophthalmology
tiooaglllcn: ontologically
eeriodflznn: ozonefriendly
erttuislcvb: obstructively
ttuiasdglnn: outstandingly
etioajlcbbn: objectionably
14
weerighllvnm: overwhelmingly
weerriopglvn: overpoweringly
eertioplxcvm: overcomplexity
etttuioassln: ostentatiously
ttiiipasllcm: optimistically
tuiopaallccn: occupationally
15
errtiiiaaflvm: overfamiliarity
eerttiiissvvn: oversensitivity
ertioaasllvbn: observationally
16
rtiioaaasgllnn: organisationally
rrtiopaaghhllc: orthographically
17
rttuiioppasllcn: opportunistically

ox
8
rtoodh: orthodox
2
: ox
4
yn: onyx
6
tuof: outfox
7
ertav: overtax

ow
2
: ow
6
tual: outlaw
7
rtuog: outgrow
erasv: oversaw
ertug: outgrew
tuofl: outflow
8
erradv: overdraw
eerivv: overview
eroflv: overflow
9
errtohv: overthrow
eerrthv: overthrew
10
eroasdhv: overshadow

ot
3
a: oat
p: opt
u: out
f: oft
4
as: oast
im: omit
us: oust
5
erv: overt
ugh: ought
wel: owlet
etc: octet
esn: onset
rib: orbit
6
uffc: offcut
erin: orient
ejcb: object
eolc: ocelot
etul: outlet
ulcc: occult
iosb: oboist
esdd: oddest
raxc: oxcart
esff: offset
tacn: octant
esdl: oldest
tuif: outfit
etus: outset
tuup: output
wtui: outwit
7
uidcv: oviduct
eaffb: offbeat
tuosm: outmost
eupln: opulent
eddnm: oddment
eiisl: oiliest
eracv: overact
tuasc: outcast
tuops: outpost
iadxn: oxidant
uislc: oculist
eerav: overeat
tuasl: outlast
8
erascv: overcast
rtuusb: outburst
eoppnn: opponent
rtuigh: outright
tiipsm: optimist
eerahv: overheat
ripffn: offprint
eidccn: occident
oosffh: offshoot
upaccn: occupant
eeidbn: obedient
rtuscb: obstruct
erannm: ornament
eroacv: overcoat
rtuasm: outsmart
eroshv: overshot
riasgn: organist
etinnm: ointment
9
uasghln: onslaught
erisghv: oversight
erighvn: overnight
ertuosm: outermost
erasvbn: observant
eerracv: overreact
erusscb: obscurest
eerpslv: overslept
eerpahn: openheart
erradfv: overdraft
eerpsvn: overspent
erripvn: overprint
erooshv: overshoot
10
eepaslcn: opalescent
etiopnnm: omnipotent
weerighv: overweight
ettuipan: outpatient
eiiscnnm: omniscient
11
werruoghv: overwrought
eeripsnnm: omnipresent
eerypavnm: overpayment
eeosslcbn: obsolescent
rtuioppsn: opportunist
12
rtuiasscbn: obscurantist
rttioosdhn: orthodontist
eetupalcnm: outplacement
13
eeruidglvnn: overindulgent
eeriodfcvnn: overconfident
rtiioosghln: ornithologist
eeerttasvnm: overstatement
14
eertiocvnmmm: overcommitment
15
tioopasghhllm: ophthalmologist

os
4
ru: ours
we: owes
en: ones
af: oafs
il: oils
ed: odes
ak: oaks
lm: olms
up: opus
tp: opts
tu: outs
un: onus
ra: oars
rb: orbs
hm: ohms
wl: owls
wn: owns
op: oops
er: ores
dd: odds
ta: oats
5
eob: oboes
erv: overs
eyb: obeys
evn: ovens
pal: opals
tus: ousts
enm: omens
epn: opens
tim: omits
erg: ogres
yak: okays
alv: ovals
eoz: oozes
eas: oases
tah: oaths
ikn: oinks
ias: oasis
6
erth: others
uiod: odious
ettc: octets
rtib: orbits
erta: orates
errd: orders
erpa: operas
eril: oilers
erig: orgies
eodl: oodles
ionn: onions
eusn: onuses
eidx: oxides
rasc: oscars
eacn: oceans
tipc: optics
eucn: ounces
eilv: olives
ruod: odours
eryx: oryxes
rucc: occurs
eyxn: onyxes
riis: osiris
eipn: opines
eups: opuses
essb: obsess
erhc: ochres
ragn: orangs, organs
ipak: okapis
erff: offers
wetl: owlets
ertt: otters
uidm: odiums
wern: owners
7
eopps: opposes
wttui: outwits
eriav: ovaries
eradl: ordeals
ridhc: orchids
eesnn: oneness
etjcb: objects
tulcc: occults
ruood: odorous
rpahn: orphans
yuplm: olympus
eeruv: oeuvres
uibnm: omnibus
etyoc: oocytes
etolc: ocelots
ertsl: ostlers
etacv: octaves
etipa: opiates
etacn: octanes
wtual: outlaws
edffn: offends
uionm: ominous
tuffc: offcuts
esddn: oddness
ettus: outsets
erpps: oppress
riign: origins
tuopc: octopus
ttuup: outputs
etuag: outages
ertys: oysters
eiffc: offices
ttuif: outfits
tiopn: options
eralc: oracles
ertus: oestrus
rtuun: outruns
rrtoa: orators
oglbn: oblongs
eryps: ospreys
eragn: onagers, oranges
iiopd: opioids
tuign: outings
tiabn: obtains
tyual: outlays
tuidb: outbids
etuod: outdoes
ettul: outlets
euipd: oedipus
eruph: orpheus
eruon: onerous
iossm: osmosis
wradn: onwards
eerpn: openers
uiovb: obvious
riadn: ordains
eiglb: obliges
tialx: oxtails
8
erpalv: overlaps
etuiln: outlines
toagcn: octagons
rtuopc: outcrops
tuafll: outfalls
ttuasc: outcasts
tioavn: ovations
ttuasl: outlasts
iaddlm: oldmaids
etuisd: outsides
eerusv: overuses
ertuic: outcries
eiisln: oiliness
etuilv: outlives
wtuofl: outflows
wrtuad: outwards
riadln: ordinals
rtioan: orations
eeersv: oversees
euipcc: occupies
erallv: overalls
etiavb: obviates
riagcn: organics
eepsnn: openness
eesssb: obsesses
etuofx: outfoxes
eersvb: observes
yiplcm: olympics
eerilv: overlies
eeffcn: offences
etddnm: oddments
eryalv: overlays
eisklb: obelisks
eerodv: overdoes
rtialb: orbitals
ertuag: outrages
erruvn: overruns
ertacv: overacts
rradhc: orchards
eertpa: operates
etuusg: outguess
etaakc: oatcakes
tiadxn: oxidants
ttuops: outposts
ertuil: outliers
etuocm: outcomes
ertopv: overtops
etiidd: oddities
eudlcc: occludes
tuookl: outlooks
erpasv: overpass
rtuood: outdoors
erpadn: operands
eertav: overeats
eerasv: overseas
eipgnn: openings
eruscb: obscures
eriffc: officers
iiopnn: opinions
eriifc: orifices
9
rttuscb: obstructs
ertojcb: objectors
etoppnn: opponents
uiiolvb: oblivious
eertshn: otherness
eeradhv: overheads
rtiasgn: organists
euisbnm: omnibuses
eerppss: oppresses
eerrahv: overhears
etiipsm: optimises
eerosdv: overdoses
iiossnm: omissions
errtuvn: overturns
ertialn: orientals
rttuisk: outskirts
ertuisd: outsiders
riiagln: originals
ertoacv: overcoats
eruahlv: overhauls
etaslcb: obstacles
riasgnm: organisms
ettinnm: ointments
erridgn: orderings
errtuid: outriders
etiopps: opposites
ertidlm: oldtimers
etuuosh: outhouses
eerrsdl: orderless
uiooxbn: obnoxious
rttuusb: outbursts
errodlv: overlords
eerdffn: offenders
tupaccn: occupants
eertsvn: overtness
eeruslv: ourselves
eertovn: overtones
ertiadn: ordinates
eeettlm: omelettes
eriovnm: omnivores
tuioggn: outgoings
ioasccn: occasions
eertpsv: oversteps
eeerrsv: overseers
eeradln: oleanders
weroflv: overflows
errtopa: operators
eerrtuv: overtures
ertannm: ornaments
rttuips: outstrips
eerocvm: overcomes
tiipacn: opticians
wetuigh: outweighs
eroadlv: overloads
eiidfll: oilfields
eraghvn: overhangs
uiioffc: officious
eerridl: orderlies
weerivv: overviews
iiafflc: officials
eerrsvb: observers
erookln: onlookers
etuopsc: octopuses
etuishn: outshines
ttiipsm: optimists
eerttpa: operettas
erooklv: overlooks
eertakv: overtakes
ertishc: ostriches
eruipcc: occupiers
ertuakb: outbreaks
eriffgn: offerings
riaddnn: ordinands
eriasgn: organises
eerridv: overrides
eruosdl: odourless
10
ettopash: osteopaths
eertosgn: oestrogens
erroppss: oppressors
rtuaagnn: orangutans
eerttian: orientates
tuasghln: onslaughts
eerttasv: overstates
erpaaghn: orphanages
erriasgn: organisers
errtadfv: overdrafts
ertooshv: overshoots
weerropv: overpowers
ertttuif: outfitters
ertuiiab: obituaries
eeisffvn: offensives
ertuuoag: outrageous
eetussbn: obtuseness
etiasllc: oscillates
eriadcnn: ordinances
weerhlvm: overwhelms
eetsjlcb: objectless
etuasfcb: obfuscates
wrttuogh: outgrowths
euiossdn: odiousness
eeraglln: organelles
eiosssbn: obsessions
erttiscb: obstetrics
ertisghv: oversights
ertuubnm: outnumbers
etiojcbn: objections
ertiipsm: optimisers
weerrtiv: overwrites
qeuuiosb: obsequious
weripshn: ownerships
errtipvn: overprints
ertiiagn: originates
eerrtssv: overstress
eerrtacv: overreacts
euopasgh: oesophagus
ertiopan: operations
errtashc: orchestras
werrtohv: overthrows
eertipav: operatives
eetijcvb: objectives
eerrtakv: overtakers
ruioovnm: omnivorous
11
euiossvbn: obviousness
errtuopfm: outperforms
tiioaglbn: obligations
eerttialb: obliterates
rtioasllc: oscillators
tuiopaccn: occupations
tipahhlcm: ophthalmics
eerascvbn: observances
rruiooppb: opprobrious
erioppssn: oppressions
eeraslvbb: observables
eetiiscbn: obscenities
eerusscbn: obscureness
eruioaxvn: overanxious
eerrucccn: occurrences
erruioodf: odoriferous
ertuiiscb: obscurities
tiiooppsn: oppositions
euipacccn: occupancies
eerrisdln: orderliness
etttuipan: outpatients
rrtiioagn: originators
rtiioadnn: ordinations
tttuioasn: outstations
rtuuiopgn: outpourings
ertioodhx: orthodoxies
weroasdhv: overshadows
qeeuislbn: obliqueness
12
eerrtuopsb: obstreperous
tiioasllcn: oscillations
eruuoopplv: overpopulous
ertiopadhc: orthopaedics
eiiasfflcn: officialness
eeripashvm: overemphasis
tuuiidglbn: outbuildings
ertiooopss: osteoporosis
erttiioann: orientations
etttuioasn: ostentatious
ertioasvbn: observations
rttuioppsn: opportunists
eerrttashc: orchestrates
eeeissddnn: onesidedness
eriipsffhc: officerships
erriiasdnn: ordinariness
rttuioscbn: obstructions
13
eeeissffvnn: offensiveness
eetuopssknn: outspokenness
eeerttiasvm: overestimates
euiiosslvbn: obliviousness
eerrtioasvb: observatories
eioopssllcc: oscilloscopes
rtiioaasgnn: organisations
euioossxbnn: obnoxiousness
erttuiioppn: opportunities
eertuissvbn: obtrusiveness
eeeissssvbn: obsessiveness
ertioaagcnn: octogenarians
erttiiascbn: obstetricians
euiiossffcn: officiousness
ertuiioavbm: overambitious
ttiiiopasnm: optimisations
14
eeeipsddnnnm: openmindedness
qeeuuiosssbn: obsequiousness
eeriiipsflvm: oversimplifies
eeepasddhnnn: openhandedness
errtttiioash: osteoarthritis
eeerippsssvn: oppressiveness
rttiioosghln: ornithologists
eerropaaghcn: oceanographers
errttioashcn: orchestrations
15
eerttuisscvbn: obstructiveness
eerttiocvnmmm: overcommitments
eerruuiodlcvn: overincredulous
16
ttioopasghhllm: ophthalmologists
17
eeetioasjlcbbnn: objectionableness
19
ertiiiiopasflcvnm: oversimplifications

or
2
: or
3
a: oar
u: our
4
en: oner
ev: over
5
asc: oscar
ett: otter
edd: odder
etu: outer
wen: owner
edl: older
erd: order
ucc: occur
uod: odour
eth: other
eil: oiler
eff: offer
6
eepn: opener
ualc: ocular
eilv: oliver
eagn: onager
etsl: ostler
etys: oyster
ualv: ovular
eiil: oilier
etus: ouster
rtoa: orator
7
eiffc: officer
tuood: outdoor
etocb: october
etuil: outlier
ertib: orbiter
8
euipcc: occupier
eerahv: overhear
eeadln: oleander
ertopa: operator
eookln: onlooker
eetodm: odometer
eersvb: observer
eruscb: obscurer
eedffn: offender
etidlm: oldtimer
ertuid: outrider
etuisd: outsider
eiisdx: oxidiser
etojcb: objector
eeersv: overseer
ruaalc: oracular
9
eroppss: oppressor
eriasgn: organiser
ertuigg: outrigger
etiipsm: optimiser
etuubnm: outnumber
eertakv: overtaker
weeropv: overpower
10
rtiioagn: originator
weertivn: overwinter
tioasllc: oscillator
12
errttoashc: orchestrator
13
eeropaaghcn: oceanographer

op
8
eertsv: overstep
rttuis: outstrip
9
werishn: ownership
eeerslv: oversleep
10
eerttohv: overthetop
11
eriisffhc: officership
7
ettus: outstep
eralv: overlap
rtuoc: outcrop

hz
5
ert: hertz

hx
3
e: hex
4
oa: hoax
5
eil: helix
7
iaafl: halifax
8
eroosb: horsebox
9
eertood: heterodox

hy
3
a: hay
e: hey
4
om: homy
az: hazy
ol: holy
5
ppa: happy
ron: horny
tas: hasty
roa: hoary
oll: holly
rad: hardy
rra: harry
inn: hinny
rru: hurry
ria: hairy
usk: husky
uss: hussy
ipp: hippy
tol: hotly
adn: handy
wod: howdy
ead: heady
ook: hooky
uff: huffy
ubb: hubby
eav: heavy
ill: hilly
obb: hobby
eon: honey
etf: hefty
ern: henry
6
ulbm: humbly
rugn: hungry
eerb: hereby
uifm: humify
eokc: hockey
eyad: heyday
radl: hardly
erta: hearty
eolm: homely
rrua: hurray
ioll: holily
eers: heresy
eugl: hugely
rooa: hooray
ialz: hazily
iolm: homily
ruol: hourly
ighl: highly
eros: horsey
7
rriof: horrify
ruagn: hungary
erios: hosiery
wiagh: highway
tuagh: haughty
rashl: harshly
etosn: honesty
weaad: headway
waall: hallway
ioadl: holiday
riokc: hickory
roanm: harmony
eraas: hearsay
etahl: healthy
uiskl: huskily
waafl: halfway
eakcn: hackney
uiffl: huffily
ualnm: humanly
iadln: handily
ippal: happily
erron: heronry
eialv: heavily
rtios: history
tiasl: hastily
riadl: hardily
8
erradl: heraldry
eetadl: heatedly
eertah: heathery
ertial: heartily
etosln: honestly
rrooan: honorary
eroasl: hoarsely
woolll: hollowly
iokllc: hillocky
oooglm: homology
tooopm: homotopy
ertahc: hatchery
ertosl: hostelry
tuiidm: humidity
uokcmm: hummocky
rriolb: horribly
eertid: heredity
eualnm: humanely
erosfl: horsefly
ruigln: hungrily
wtaahc: hatchway
rriodl: horridly
eealvn: heavenly
tuianm: humanity
rtiial: hilarity
weiaad: hideaway
tuiilm: humility
eeognm: hegemony
9
tuiaghl: haughtily
eishlll: hellishly
tioosgl: histology
ooophnm: homophony
ttiiosl: hostility
ruafllm: harmfully
ryoodgl: hydrology
rripaas: hairspray
ryiopsc: hypocrisy
etiosll: hostilely
eropasl: horseplay
etiahll: healthily
euopfll: hopefully
ruasdbn: husbandry
euiosdl: hideously
etyuadv: heavyduty
erruidl: hurriedly
etuafll: hatefully
eupflll: helpfully
erriahc: hierarchy
etiascn: hesitancy
tiaglln: haltingly
10
ruuooslm: humorously
erioallc: heroically
rooallnm: hormonally
etiallcc: hectically
eepsslll: helplessly
eertoodx: heterodoxy
tiopaslb: hospitably
rryuullb: hurlyburly
eerrtiad: hereditary
tuiaallb: habitually
ruoafhll: halfhourly
ettiasln: hesitantly
eeessdll: heedlessly
eeopssll: hopelessly
tuiaglnn: hauntingly
roopaghl: holography
erassllm: harmlessly
ruooalbn: honourably
eoasdlnm: handsomely
11
ruiioasll: hilariously
eriopaghl: heliography
rpaaadhlz: haphazardly
eetioognm: homogeneity
etooaaglm: haematology
etooopahm: homoeopathy
ttiiopasl: hospitality
eerruklcb: huckleberry
eertassll: heartlessly
riopaaggh: hagiography
12
eertiallcm: hermetically
tyiopallcn: hypnotically
euooasllxm: homosexually
tiioaslllc: holistically
ettiiasgln: hesitatingly
rtiooallzn: horizontally
rtiioasllc: historically
yuoppagklc: happygolucky
rryiiofgln: horrifyingly
ertyoppahn: hypnotherapy
rriioafllc: horrifically
ertyiasllc: hysterically
ttiiiaalbb: habitability
eerttyoscm: hysterectomy
erttiiialb: heritability
rioaallcnm: harmonically
erruoosdln: horrendously
eyiiagllcn: hygienically
ruiooaslnm: harmoniously
eerraasdhb: haberdashery
13
eeuooosglnm: homogeneously
eertaadfhll: halfheartedly
erttyiipacv: hyperactivity
etuiooaslxm: homosexuality
rtuioaallcn: hallucinatory
tuiiiagllnm: humiliatingly
ryuiaadlllc: hydraulically
eeeerttiogn: heterogeneity
ertuiiasllc: heuristically
14
ettyiopahllc: hypothetically
ryiooadglllc: hydrologically
tiiooasglllc: histologically
rtyiiopallcc: hypocritically
ryioopadllcn: hydroponically
eeertuoasllx: heterosexually
rrtiioopasgh: historiography
erriiaahllcc: hierarchically
15
eeerttuioaslx: heterosexuality
16
eerrttyiiodlcc: hydroelectricity
eerttyiiipssvn: hypersensitivity
eeyiipddggggll: higgledypiggledy

hr
3
e: her
4
ia: hair
ei: heir
uo: hour
ea: hear
oa: hoar
5
wee: hewer
eta: hater
eov: hover
eik: hiker
eri: hirer
eid: hider
6
etil: hitler
eumm: hummer
erad: harder
rroo: horror
etih: hither
eidn: hinder
aagn: hangar
etta: hatter
eram: harmer
etoo: hooter
eogg: hogger
uoon: honour
etto: hotter
etoc: hector
eoax: hoaxer
eera: hearer
eepl: helper
eopp: hopper
eual: hauler
eoll: holler
epam: hamper
etal: halter
eios: hosier
eodl: holder
etun: hunter
eeif: heifer
weak: hawker
eagn: hanger
eugn: hunger
weas: hawser
eeal: healer
uuom: humour
eeta: heater
eead: header
eiol: holier
eook: hooker
eakc: hacker
eiaz: hazier
eakn: hanker
eigh: higher
tioa: hotair
eamm: hammer
weol: howler
eoov: hoover
7
ruoab: harbour
etias: hastier
eoavn: hanover
euial: haulier
erudl: hurdler
eriia: hairier
erash: harsher
eetif: heftier
eaggl: haggler
eeiad: headier
etuua: hauteur
eetah: heather
etosl: holster, hostler
weeov: however
etusl: hustler
eroad: hoarder
euisk: huskier
etips: hipster
eeiav: heavier
etasm: hamster
eroas: hoarser
eulbm: humbler
eiadn: handier
euanm: humaner
aadcn: handcar
etihc: hitcher
eippa: happier
eriad: hardier
eiill: hillier
erria: harrier
eadln: handler
eerov: hoverer
eeklc: heckler
8
eoadvn: handover
eoagvn: hangover
eeridn: hinderer
eeradn: hardener
wetioz: howitzer
uoafhl: halfhour
eeaadg: headgear
eiajkc: hijacker
eetiol: hotelier
eruign: hungrier
eeiolm: homelier
eeyafv: hayfever
9
etuiagh: haughtier
eeetaxm: hexameter
eetiahl: healthier
eaadlbn: handlebar
eriagbn: harbinger
weeoosv: howsoever
eriadln: hardliner
eertasv: harvester
weeoonm: homeowner
eeertaf: hereafter
erioash: horsehair
eruagbm: hamburger
eeerudn: hereunder
eoasdnm: handsomer
10
eeriasll: hellraiser
eiadghln: highlander
etiassfl: halfsister
weeroops: horsepower
eetaasdm: headmaster
euiiidfm: humidifier
eetioplc: helicopter
etiihhkc: hitchhiker
eiadggln: hangglider
11
eeertiafn: hereinafter
eeraasdhb: haberdasher
eeeeuopsk: housekeeper
eeuoosdhl: householder
eerriassd: hairdresser
etiigghhl: highlighter
12
eeuuiosdlb: housebuilder
eetyiopssh: hypothesiser
eyioaadklm: holidaymaker
eeeruoaskb: housebreaker
erryopadgh: hydrographer
13
eeeerttskll: helterskelter
14
eeerrttuaghn: huntergatherer

hs
3
a: has
i: his
4
em: hems
eo: hoes
en: hens
ag: hags
og: hogs
ip: hips
is: hiss
tu: huts
am: hams
ob: hobs
um: hums
ub: hubs
ti: hits
eu: hues
ug: hugs
ta: hats
op: hops
er: hers
5
all: halls
rta: harts
ron: horns
usk: husks
ram: harms
rak: harks
rpa: harps
taf: hafts
odl: holds
ual: hauls
tal: halts
ukn: hunks
ria: hairs
ial: hails
wak: hawks
eos: hoses
ell: hells
elm: helms
tos: hosts
ull: hulls
til: hilts
wol: howls
tin: hints
eop: hopes
too: hoots
uoc: hocus
adn: hands
okn: honks
eid: hides
ood: hoods
oof: hoofs
eal: heals
rul: hurls
ynm: hymns
ruo: hours
ead: hades, heads
ook: hooks
uum: humus
okc: hocks
oop: hoops
tun: hunts
ukl: hulks
ogg: hoggs
eav: haves
agn: hangs
upm: humps
eiv: hives
ill: hills
eon: hones
eom: homes
eol: holes
erd: herds
eel: heels
epl: helps
eta: hates, heats
era: hares, hears
erb: herbs
akc: hacks
eed: heeds
eik: hikes
igh: highs
rtu: hurts
eri: heirs, hires
epa: heaps
6
eron: herons
erod: hordes
eram: harems
erta: haters, hearts
eedg: hedges
eynm: hymens
oaln: halons
tuia: hiatus
eiss: hisses
erik: hikers
erov: hovers
eush: hushes
etis: heists
ealv: halves
ruib: hubris
eash: hashes
ualm: haulms
eolm: holmes
eerp: herpes
eolv: hovels
eros: horses
eoax: hoaxes
etah: heaths
road: hoards
eyan: hyenas
eeav: heaves
euos: houses
uanm: humans
iagg: haggis
tiab: habits
eiol: holies
tuan: haunts
roon: honors
tios: hoists
etas: hastes
etol: helots, hotels
eign: hinges
uodn: hounds
raas: harass
eavn: havens
eoov: hooves
7
eramm: hammers
wooll: hollows
iidgn: hidings
ruoon: honours
erakn: hankers, harkens
euiss: hussies
eroax: hoaxers
euddl: huddles
etuhc: hutches
etoss: hostess
etosn: hotness
eridn: hinders
etosl: hostels
eioll: hollies
riign: hirings
euisk: huskies
eropp: hoppers
etahl: healths
eerra: hearers
werak: hawkers
etahc: hatches
eyyad: heydays
upacb: hubcaps
weras: hawsers
eeilx: helixes
erakc: hackers
eiipp: hippies
eradn: hardens
eradl: heralds
erual: haulers
eeilc: helices
eerif: heifers
werol: howlers
eyphn: hyphens
erasn: harness
woall: hallows
euibb: hubbies
erudl: hurdles
weerb: hebrews
eyaan: hyaenas
rrroo: horrors
eiakn: hankies
eeiav: heavies
etasl: hatless
etasn: hastens
eeavn: heavens
eiobb: hobbies
ruuom: humours
eulbm: humbles
erugn: hungers
raagn: hangars
eerta: heaters
eadln: handles
wrroa: harrows
ryidb: hybrids
etigh: heights
roadn: hadrons
eolbb: hobbles
eppan: happens
toodg: hotdogs
etusl: hustles
epasl: hapless
rtoal: harlots
erodl: holders
eruum: humerus
uipcc: hiccups
etalm: hamlets
ertul: hurtles
uopdl: holdups
eaklc: hackles
ertta: hatters
ertoo: hooters
erton: hornets
ertti: hitters
euhcn: hunches
erioc: heroics
ertun: hunters
eetlm: helmets
errui: hurries
eragn: hangers
eeris: heiress
iajkc: hijacks
eiinn: hinnies
erook: hookers
etodb: hotbeds
ertah: hearths
eeral: healers
raadz: hazards
erukn: hunkers
eerad: headers
rruah: hurrahs
erpam: hampers
eeras: hearses
eoagm: homages
euion: heinous
etihc: hitches
ertim: hermits
euiod: hideous
ertal: halters
uugbm: humbugs
ryuod: hydrous
eerpl: helpers
ertad: hatreds
erian: hernias
eeklc: heckles
8
erroad: hoarders
euaagl: haulages
eiosln: holiness
ertosl: holsters
euahcn: haunches
eruddn: hundreds
eeoslm: homeless
oaddkc: haddocks
ioalbn: hobnails
yoonmm: homonyms
roopan: harpoons
errria: harriers
uoodlm: hoodlums
ttiaab: habitats
eerakn: hearkens
wyaall: hallways
oadlll: holdalls
uiosgn: housings
uokcmm: hummocks
etuias: hiatuses
rruoab: harbours
eriasl: hairless
rtyadn: hydrants
eraass: harasses
ruuoom: humorous
errign: herrings
wyiagh: highways
aadgbn: handbags
eerion: heroines
eradln: handlers
rtipas: harpists
ttoops: hotspots
eeopsl: hopeless
eoagxn: hexagons
yiopsn: hypnosis
eetahn: heathens
tuoagn: hangouts
rioozn: horizons
eeasdl: headless
etuiod: hideouts
eerklc: hecklers
etoasg: hostages
uiiscb: hibiscus
eipgln: helpings
ertasm: hamsters
ertasv: harvests
eeilnm: hemlines
uasdbn: husbands
erashn: harshens
errtio: heritors
iaggnn: hangings
eiiolm: homilies
eriagn: hearings
errudl: hurdlers
eiadgn: headings
oakcmm: hammocks
iokllc: hillocks
ettahc: hatchets
eiaszn: haziness
riipan: hairpins
eeusgn: hugeness
rtaakc: hatracks
iiodnm: hominids
eisghn: highness
eertia: hearties
eertic: heretics
tiopll: hilltops
uadgnn: handguns
eetasd: headsets
wiogln: howlings
eeasbn: hasbeens
eertac: hectares
eertah: heathers
oaasnn: hosannas
iodgln: holdings
eeesdl: heedless
eruial: hauliers
tuisgn: hustings
iissgn: hissings
eroonm: hormones
etoavn: havenots
ertips: hipsters
tuoadn: handouts
euopfl: hopefuls
eepsll: helpless
eoagln: halogens
eiagvn: heavings
etasdn: handsets
yioadl: holidays
eeeris: heresies
rtuiac: haircuts
eiopsc: hospices
ertusl: hustlers
uadfln: handfuls
erasdn: hardness
etoadh: hotheads
eraslm: harmless
9
eaaddbn: headbands
erraass: harassers
weerodg: hedgerows
ruoasgl: hourglass
eroadvn: handovers
eerallb: harebells
eetpalm: helpmates
rooaglm: holograms
eetosss: hostesses
eriiasn: hairiness
eetighn: heightens
ruoafhl: halfhours
wrooadd: hardwoods
uadffcn: handcuffs
uioadnm: humanoids
eruaagn: harangues
ruoaadz: hazardous
eriasdn: hardiness
eerassn: harnesses
eertiol: hoteliers
raakllm: hallmarks
eoadlnm: homelands
rioadgn: hoardings
iadghln: highlands
eippasn: happiness
oaddhln: handholds
etiosdn: hedonists
wrtoahn: hawthorns
iadllbn: handbills
eroagvn: hangovers
etiassn: hastiness
tyaaskc: haystacks
ertiios: histories
etualzn: hazelnuts
rttiakc: hattricks
ripasdh: hardships
eerossl: horseless
eraagxm: hexagrams
iooagln: hooligans
rioacnm: harmonics
eiisdll: hillsides
riollbn: hornbills
eertasl: heartless
weroadm: homewards
ettopal: hotplates
tiioasl: halitosis
eeodggh: hedgehogs
ipaadcn: handicaps
eeaadhc: headaches
weroadd: headwords
tuiasnm: humanists
eeeriss: heiresses
eaaddln: headlands
erasshn: harshness
eeiadln: headlines
eeiplln: helplines
tyiahcn: hyacinths
ertyisc: hysterics
erioppn: hornpipes
euasnnm: humanness
epaadlm: headlamps
eeiasvn: heaviness
weyiaad: hideaways
ttaasdn: hatstands
eiiodcm: homicides
etopagn: heptagons
ettiipa: hepatitis
weiaddn: headwinds
wertioz: howitzers
eriajkc: hijackers
raadkcb: hardbacks
etuoosh: hothouses
eerradn: hardeners
tiopasl: hospitals
eerasdd: headdress
erioanm: harmonies
ooadkbn: handbooks
eettias: hesitates
erioolm: heirlooms
erriiof: horrifies
ruiioal: hilarious
tyiosbb: hobbyists
riaadln: handrails
10
ertyiasl: hairstyles
ryioodfl: hydrofoils
erooopsc: horoscopes
ruiooanm: harmonious
eiadggln: hangglides
etuooasb: houseboats
etyiopsn: hypnotises
etyiopsh: hypothesis
eertiahc: hatcheries
rryipaas: hairsprays
ertuiisc: heuristics
uuoopscc: hocuspocus
yoohkllc: hollyhocks
uooooglm: homologous
eryopalb: hyperbolas
rtiioasn: historians
eioooglm: homologies
eertyiss: hysteresis
yuooogzm: homozygous
etioasln: hailstones
weertaad: headwaters
eertuoab: hereabouts
rtioaslm: hailstorms
eetypahn: hyphenates
eryioddx: hydroxides
eeioslnm: homeliness
eeryupcb: hypercubes
erriadln: hardliners
eerriovb: herbivores
euioasdm: housemaids
eraadlbn: handlebars
eeriidcb: herbicides
qeruialn: harlequins
etuiialm: humiliates
ertaadln: heartlands
eeroossh: horseshoes
weeroonm: homeowners
rtioasgm: histograms
eeuslbnm: humbleness
rtiasgnm: hamstrings
ryuiadlc: hydraulics
etyiisgn: hygienists
weooslln: hollowness
euoosdhl: households
etuiianm: humanities
taasddnn: handstands
eeuiosfl: houseflies
tiigghhl: highlights
rttuafhl: halftruths
erriagbn: harbingers
erruagbm: hamburgers
eeopadhn: headphones
eroaaddb: headboards
eruuoslm: humourless
eooophbm: homophobes
eaasdhkn: handshakes
eeroassn: hoarseness
erruiacn: hurricanes
tuooaslc: holocausts
eeruoacb: herbaceous
weeuiosv: housewives
iiagjkcn: hijackings
taahkccb: hatchbacks
eooophnm: homophones
etiadghl: headlights
eertiosl: hostelries
eertiasn: heartiness
eetoasdm: homesteads
eetoasdn: headstones
eriadcnn: hindrances
eippagnn: happenings
eerrtasv: harvesters
eerttaab: heartbeats
euoooglm: homologues
ertyiopc: hypocrites
iooglbbn: hobgoblins
ryyiosdl: hydrolysis
uuuolcnm: homunculus
eraadkbn: handbrakes
eetyopsh: hypotheses
erruoodn: horrendous
eryaadgn: hydrangeas
eyooonnm: honeymoons
eeasddnn: handedness
ertuddhn: hundredths
ertiaslb: herbalists
11
etuiasghn: haughtiness
rtiiioscn: histrionics
eerttiolc: hectolitres
erruioovb: herbivorous
eeryuuosb: housebuyers
eeuopsfln: hopefulness
ettiioasn: hesitations
ttiioaabn: habitations
eerriiahc: hierarchies
eriadggln: hanggliders
rtiaadfcn: handicrafts
eioogcnmm: homecomings
ertiadlnn: hinterlands
ertiihhkc: hitchhikers
rtiooalzn: horizontals
euooaslxm: homosexuals
eeraasdcv: headscarves
eeuooognm: homogeneous
eraasdggn: haggardness
eertaasdm: headmasters
eeeripshm: hemispheres
eiaaddnnm: handmaidens
eeuiossdn: hideousness
uiopppacm: hippocampus
eriadghln: highlanders
eertuissn: hirsuteness
eryiopghl: hieroglyphs
eeerassdd: headdresses
eeryppaln: hyperplanes
eertuadhn: headhunters
eertioplc: helicopters
eeupsflln: helpfulness
eryiiopsc: hypocrisies
eruiiidfm: humidifiers
eerrtaakb: heartbreaks
weeraadvn: heavenwards
eruasflnm: harmfulness
eetooagnm: homogenates
ettiiiosl: hostilities
eetiashln: healthiness
12
rtyioosdgl: hydrologists
tuiiioalnm: humiliations
eeryooonnm: honeymooners
eertiassdm: headmistress
eerroaaghm: haemorrhages
eerrriassd: hairdressers
eryioopdlb: hyperboloids
eeoassdnnm: handsomeness
eeeossslnm: homelessness
eerraasdhb: haberdashers
eeyuosklcn: honeysuckles
eeeopsssln: hopelessness
ttiioossgl: histologists
eeruoosdhl: householders
weetyiaghv: heavyweights
errttiasgn: heartstrings
qerrtuiadn: hindquarters
qeerrtuaad: headquarters
eeeesssdln: heedlessness
eeepssslln: helplessness
eerrtypakm: hypermarkets
rttyioasdc: hydrostatics
eeertuicnm: hermeneutics
eertuooogl: heterologous
erriooadhm: haemorrhoids
eeiosskcnm: homesickness
tyuopaahlm: hypothalamus
eerassslnm: harmlessness
eertyuoogz: heterozygous
eeeeruopsk: housekeepers
rriopasdhc: harpsichords
eetyiopssh: hypothesises
etyiopahnn: hyphenations
rryooadcbn: hydrocarbons
tuioopppam: hippopotamus
ruiidgbnmm: hummingbirds
13
eeertuoaslx: heterosexuals
eryiiopghlc: hieroglyphics
eryioaadklm: holidaymakers
eeriadfhkcn: handkerchiefs
eiiopaahlcm: haemophiliacs
ryyioaddcnm: hydrodynamics
riooopshmmm: homomorphisms
eeeertuoogn: heterogeneous
eeerruoaskb: housebreakers
eeertasssln: heartlessness
eeruuiosdlb: housebuilders
14
eeertiasssdm: headmistresses
weertuiddghn: hundredweights
eryioadhccnm: hydromechanics
eeiasddghhnn: highhandedness
tuiioaallcnn: hallucinations
eerrtiopadhm: hermaphrodites
ryioopadhccn: hypochondriacs
15
rrtttuuiioslc: horticulturists
eeerrtaasddhn: hardheartedness
erttyioppashn: hypnotherapists
eeerrrttuaghn: huntergatherers
eeertaasdfhln: halfheartedness
18
eeeertyiipsssvnn: hypersensitiveness

hp
3
i: hip
o: hop
4
em: hemp
el: help
ea: heap
um: hump
as: hasp
ra: harp
oo: hoop
6
uicc: hiccup
yoss: hyssop
uacb: hubcap
uodl: holdup
ruad: hardup
uagn: hangup
7
tioll: hilltop
8
iaadcn: handicap
eiasdh: headship
eaadlm: headlamp
riasdh: hardship
9
weriosh: horsewhip
14
eertiaassdhm: headmastership

hw
8
eeyodn: honeydew
rioghb: highbrow
eerodg: hedgerow
3
e: hew
o: how
6
oall: hallow
eerb: hebrew
rroa: harrow
ooll: hollow
7
aaskc: hacksaw

ht
3
a: hat
i: hit
u: hut
o: hot
4
oo: hoot
ru: hurt
af: haft
ef: heft
ea: heat
al: halt
un: hunt
il: hilt
in: hint
os: host
ra: hart
5
eis: heist
ios: hoist
iab: habit
era: heart
uan: haunt
adn: hadnt
asn: hasnt
igh: hight
6
eron: hornet
toop: hotpot
erim: hermit
roal: harlot
eosn: honest
eigh: height
ealm: hamlet
iobb: hobbit
eavn: havent
eelm: helmet
7
erasv: harvest
toops: hotspot
eeasd: headset
uoadn: handout
erasd: hardest
eiosm: homiest
eiosl: holiest
easdn: handset
tiaab: habitat
eiasz: haziest
ruiac: haircut
uialb: halibut
yoafl: hayloft
ryadn: hydrant
etahc: hatchet
eisgh: highest
uoodl: holdout
ripas: harpist
euiod: hideout
ettos: hottest
erian: hairnet
riadh: hardhit
8
etiass: hastiest
etiasn: hesitant
eiisll: hilliest
eippas: happiest
euuogn: huguenot
eualzn: hazelnut
uiasnm: humanist
raadcn: handcart
eeiasd: headiest
eriias: hairiest
eriasd: hardiest
yiosbb: hobbyist
euissk: huskiest
eeiasv: heaviest
ruiosm: humorist
eaasdf: headfast
eiosdn: hedonist
eiasdn: handiest
erassh: harshest
euslbm: humblest
iosdnm: hindmost
eerasd: headrest
9
eiadghl: headlight
euoadcn: headcount
iisdghn: hindsight
tyiopsn: hypnotist
eertias: heartiest
iiopghn: highpoint
eyiisgn: hygienist
uooaslc: holocaust
euooasb: houseboat
eertaab: heartbeat
eertafl: heartfelt
eertypx: hypertext
iigghhl: highlight
eriaslb: herbalist
eruisgn: hungriest
rrooasf: hoarfrost
10
etuiasgh: haughtiest
eraassnm: harassment
riaadfcn: handicraft
erroafcv: hovercraft
eetiashl: healthiest
eoassdnm: handsomest
eeeasvnn: heavensent
11
weeyiaghv: heavyweight
eerrypakm: hypermarket
rtiiiossc: historicist
12
eerrttoaah: hearttoheart
eeertiossx: heterosexist
13
etiooaasglm: haematologist
eerttiaassn: heatresistant
weeruiddghn: hundredweight
14
rrttuuiioslc: horticulturist

hu
5
idn: hindu
iak: haiku
6
oshn: honshu

hk
4
oo: hook
on: honk
ac: hack
us: husk
wa: hawk
oc: hock
ec: heck
ul: hulk
un: hunk
ra: hark
6
iajc: hijack
7
oacmm: hammock
oaddc: haddock
eepcn: henpeck
iollc: hillock
uocmm: hummock
rtaac: hatrack
eolcm: hemlock
8
wioodn: hoodwink
yoobnm: hymnbook
eioscm: homesick
weroom: homework
iaghjc: highjack
eoadlc: headlock
raallm: hallmark
rttiac: hattrick
tyaasc: haystack
upacbm: humpback
raadcb: hardback
ooadbn: handbook
weroad: headwork
9
etoasdc: headstock
weruoos: housework
wrioadn: handiwork
uahccbn: hunchback
eroascb: horseback
eraascv: haversack
taahccb: hatchback
10
eerrtaab: heartbreak
11
eeeiasddn: hideandseek

hh
3
u: huh
4
as: hash
us: hush
ig: high
5
eta: heath
ras: harsh
tac: hatch
ucn: hunch
tuc: hutch
tic: hitch
6
etal: health
uacn: haunch
ooak: hookah
erta: hearth
rrua: hurrah
7
woasg: hogwash
iassh: hashish
wiask: hawkish
eisll: hellish
iisgh: highish
8
erriac: hierarch
uusshh: hushhush
uiogcc: hiccough
tyiacn: hyacinth
weerti: herewith
9
rttuafl: halftruth
ertuddn: hundredth
rruiasb: hairbrush
10
ttoophcc: hotchpotch
eryiopgl: hieroglyph
eertofcn: henceforth
eetiashn: heathenish
euaajlll: hallelujah
eerossfl: horseflesh
11
errioassd: horseradish

hi
8
eiskln: helsinki
2
: hi
5
oan: hanoi
tia: haiti
6
wiaa: hawaii

hn
3
e: hen
4
we: hewn
ro: horn
ym: hymn
5
eam: heman
oal: halon
eym: hymen
eem: hemen
eel: helen
uam: human
yad: haydn
ero: heron
eav: haven
6
eppa: happen
eoad: headon
etas: hasten
eeri: herein
erad: harden
eidd: hidden
erak: harken
erio: heroin
eyph: hyphen
eeav: heaven
road: hadron
7
riipa: hairpin
eerak: hearken
eeadm: headmen
eeasb: hasbeen
eoagl: halogen
wyiaa: haywain
eaadm: headman
tiiaa: haitian
aagnm: hangman
roopa: harpoon
eoagx: hexagon
eagnm: hangmen
eerta: hearten
iallm: hillman
riooz: horizon
tuoos: houston
uadgn: handgun
erash: harshen
eetah: heathen
8
eroasm: horseman
tuasnm: huntsman
eeruop: hereupon
rriaad: harridan
yaadnm: handyman
eryodg: hydrogen
iooagl: hooligan
eetigh: heighten
eehcnm: henchmen
erasdm: herdsman
eyadnm: handymen
wrtoah: hawthorn
etusnm: huntsmen
easlmm: helmsman
eahcnm: henchman
eersdm: herdsmen
etopag: heptagon
eerosm: horsemen
wiiaaa: hawaiian
euopsm: homespun
9
iaasdbn: handbasin
errtuab: heartburn
rtyioad: hydration
iooglbb: hobgoblin
rtuiadn: hitandrun
eyooonm: honeymoon
rtiioas: historian
qeruial: harlequin
riiadbn: hindbrain
10
wyiaaghm: highwayman
ettiioas: hesitation
eiaaddnm: handmaiden
uaasdbnm: husbandman
euasdbnm: husbandmen
ttiioaab: habitation
weyiaghm: highwaymen
11
eerrtoakb: heartbroken
ttuiioaab: habituation
tuiiioalm: humiliation
etyiopahn: hyphenation
etyioopsn: hypotension
rryooadcb: hydrocarbon
werttiadn: handwritten
ertiioabn: hibernation
eiooaglbm: haemoglobin
12
rtuiiaaanm: humanitarian
eertyiopsn: hypertension
13
tuiioaallcn: hallucination
ertyiooadgn: hydrogenation
rtiiooaasnm: harmonisation
rtyiiioasdb: hybridisation
14
ertyiiopafln: hyperinflation
errrrtiooskc: horrorstricken
etiioooasgnm: homogenisation
15
ttiiioopaassl: hospitalisation
16
eerttyiiopalvn: hyperventilation

ho
2
: ho
4
ob: hobo
al: halo
er: hero
5
all: hallo
ull: hullo
ipp: hippo
ell: hello
ryd: hydro
6
eert: hereto
riad: hairdo
7
eeahv: heaveho
8
erttih: hitherto
10
uoaalllb: hullabaloo

hl
4
el: hell
ul: hull
ee: heel
ea: heal
al: hall
wo: howl
il: hill
ia: hail
ru: hurl
ua: haul
5
eaz: hazel
eto: hotel
eov: hovel
6
eadn: handel
erab: herbal
tuaf: hatful
etos: hostel
yanm: hymnal
7
etuaf: hateful
rtuuf: hurtful
eeudf: heedful
oadll: holdall
ruafm: harmful
eialc: helical
euopf: hopeful
eupfl: helpful
uadfn: handful
8
tuiaab: habitual
eeralb: harebell
rooanm: hormonal
eriabn: hibernal
iadlbn: handbill
tiopas: hospital
eadlbn: handbell
riaadn: handrail
euuosf: houseful
aadlbn: handball
erioac: heroical
9
eoaagxn: hexagonal
etuafhl: healthful
ryioodf: hydrofoil
eertiac: heretical
iioadcm: homicidal
10
euooasxm: homosexual
rtiioasc: historical
ertyiasc: hysterical
rtiooazn: horizontal
etopaagn: heptagonal
11
eeiaadxcm: hexadecimal
ioooaglcm: homological
12
eeertuoasx: heterosexual
ettyiopahc: hypothetical
rtyiiopacc: hypocritical
tiiooasglc: histological
errtyoadhm: hydrothermal
ryiooadglc: hydrological
erriiaahcc: hierarchical
13
eeriipashcm: hemispherical
rrttuuioalc: horticultural
14
ryyioaaddcnm: hydrodynamical
etiooaaaglcm: haematological
15
ryioopaadhccn: hypochondriacal
17
rrtiiioopaasghc: historiographical

hm
3
a: ham
i: him
u: hum
e: hem
m: hmm
4
el: helm
ra: harm
er: herm
5
era: harem
6
euil: helium
iosl: holism
oasn: hansom
7
ruudm: humdrum
erios: heroism
uoodl: hoodlum
yoonm: homonym
8
eroabn: hornbeam
rooagl: hologram
uiasnm: humanism
eiosdn: hedonism
eraagx: hexagram
erooad: headroom
eriool: heirloom
uiisdn: hinduism
9
eriaslb: herbalism
eruooos: houseroom
rtioasg: histogram
ruioanm: harmonium
rtioasl: hailstorm
tyiopsn: hypnotism
10
eetiashn: heathenism
rruiooan: honorarium
11
iiooasgln: hooliganism
12
riooopshmm: homomorphism
15
rtuiiiaaasnnm: humanitarianism

hb
9
eyoocnm: honeycomb
3
u: hub
o: hob
4
er: herb
6
uubb: hubbub

hc
3
i: hic
5
oav: havoc
6
erio: heroic
etic: hectic
7
tiiam: hamitic
etipa: hepatic
eerti: heretic
8
eertim: hermetic
tiiosl: holistic
rtiios: historic
rioanm: harmonic
eeilln: hellenic
eriadl: heraldic
iipasn: hispanic
rriiof: horrific
ertiia: hieratic
tyiopn: hypnotic
ertyis: hysteric
eyiign: hygienic
9
ryuiadl: hydraulic
rtuiisb: hubristic
eeiognm: hegemonic
ertuiis: heuristic
riioofn: honorific
10
erriiahc: hierarchic
etiiosdn: hedonistic
iooophbm: homophobic
ertyiopn: hypertonic
eryiopdm: hypodermic
tuiiasnm: humanistic
eryiopsn: hypersonic
eryioplb: hyperbolic
etyioalm: haemolytic
rtiiiosn: histrionic
11
ryioopdhb: hydrophobic
rioopaghl: holographic
ryioopsgc: hygroscopic
rttyioasd: hydrostatic
eeertuinm: hermeneutic
eeriipshm: hemispheric
12
ryyioaddnm: hydrodynamic
rryioodhlc: hydrochloric
errioaaghm: haemorrhagic
etiooopahm: homoeopathic
eryiiopghl: hieroglyphic
eiiopaahlm: haemophiliac
eertiiolcn: heliocentric
rryuioodfl: hydrofluoric
rryiopadgh: hydrographic
13
eyyiopaglcm: hypoglycaemic
ertyioadgnm: hydromagnetic
ryioopadhcn: hypochondriac
eerrtyiodlc: hydroelectric
14
errtiiopadhm: hermaphroditic

ha
2
: ha
4
ah: haha
5
tos: hosta
eak: hakea
ryd: hydra
enn: henna
eyn: hyena
6
erin: hernia
aavn: havana
eyan: hyaena
7
oasnn: hosanna
yiopx: hypoxia
8
eiadcn: hacienda
ertyis: hysteria
9
eryadgn: hydrangea
eryoplb: hyperbola
etoaamm: haematoma
rioacnm: harmonica
10
ertuiaam: haematuria
iooophbm: homophobia
11
ertyiophm: hypothermia
ryioopdhb: hydrophobia
eiiopahlm: haemophilia
12
ryioopdhcn: hypochondria
13
eyyiopaglcm: hypoglycaemia
21
eeeerrtyioopashllcm: hypercholesterolaemia

hf
4
oo: hoof
uf: huff
al: half
6
eero: hereof
7
eersl: herself
eislm: himself
8
uadfcn: handcuff
9
eraasdc: headscarf
12
eeriadhkcn: handkerchief

hg
3
a: hag
u: hug
o: hog
4
og: hogg
un: hung
an: hang
6
iavn: having
iosn: hosing
ionn: honing
iivn: hiving
tood: hotdog
iopn: hoping
eion: hoeing
tian: hating
wein: hewing
riin: hiring
ioln: holing
uubm: humbug
iidn: hiding
iikn: hiking
ionm: homing
7
tiosn: hosting
wiakn: hawking
ioppn: hopping
wioln: howling
uikln: hulking
iakcn: hacking
tiinn: hinting
uiggn: hugging
riakn: harking
iookn: hooking
iissn: hissing
ialvn: halving
eidgn: hedging
ruabm: hamburg
ioaxn: hoaxing
aadbn: handbag
ioknn: honking
etian: heating
eridn: herding
eipln: helping
uiosn: housing
oadgn: hangdog
ttion: hotting
etifn: hefting
uialn: hauling
rianm: harming
iodln: holding
ioggn: hogging
iialn: hailing
tuinn: hunting
iagnn: hanging
uiffn: huffing
tioon: hooting
errin: herring
iadnn: handing
eiadn: heading
uishn: hushing
ttiin: hitting
uipnm: humping
einmm: hemming
riosn: horsing
eiavn: heaving
eeidn: heeding
tialn: halting
rtuin: hurting
ruiln: hurling
uinmm: humming
eialn: healing
iashn: hashing
ripan: harping
erian: hearing
eipan: heaping
8
iaggln: haggling
eoadln: headlong
tuisln: hustling
eiklcn: heckling
tiahcn: hatching
iolbbn: hobbling
eriiln: hireling
eriavn: havering
tiihcn: hitching
uihcnn: hunching
eeodgh: hedgehog
eriovn: hovering
rryian: harrying
uiddln: huddling
uilbnm: humbling
rioadn: hoarding
rryuin: hurrying
iaklcn: hackling
uiodnn: hounding
iadlnn: handling
tuiann: haunting
tiiosn: hoisting
rtuiln: hurtling
9
ertiocn: hectoring
eriidnn: hindering
etiasnn: hastening
wrrioan: harrowing
ruioonn: honouring
riaadzn: hazarding
eriaknn: hankering
iiajkcn: hijacking
rtiasnm: hamstring
riaassn: harassing
eriadln: heralding
errtuah: hearthrug
eripanm: hampering
rtuasnm: hamstrung
ruuionm: humouring
eruignn: hungering
erianmm: hammering
erioovn: hoovering
eippann: happening
eriadnn: hardening
10
ruiaagnn: haranguing
rruioabn: harbouring
uiiasnnm: humanising
eioocnmm: homecoming
ertoasdn: headstrong
eeriaknn: hearkening
rryiiofn: horrifying
ettiiasn: hesitating
ertiasvn: harvesting
eriassnn: harnessing
eertiann: heartening
yiioadln: holidaying
eiiadlnn: headlining
11
eetiighnn: heightening
wiiakllln: hillwalking
rtyiiasln: hairstyling
wiioodknn: hoodwinking
rriiiaasn: hairraising
tyiiopsnn: hypnotising
iaasdhknn: handshaking
riiaghknn: highranking
tuiiialnm: humiliating
etyipahnn: hyphenating
wrrioadkn: hardworking
rttiiadhn: hardhitting
wrtiiadnn: handwriting
ertiiabnn: hibernating
tiiihhkcn: hitchhiking
uiadffcnn: handcuffing
iiadgglnn: hanggliding
riioasnnm: harmonising
12
eerrtiadnn: heartrending
tiiigghhln: highlighting
eiioosgnnm: homogenising
iippaadcnn: handicapping
eeeuiopskn: housekeeping
rtiioafbnm: habitforming
werrtiaanm: heartwarming
eyioocbnnm: honeycombing
erriiassdn: hairdressing
etuuioshnn: househunting
13
tuiiaallcnn: hallucinating
euuiiosdlbn: housebuilding
eerrtiaakbn: heartbreaking
etyiiopsshn: hypothesising
errioaaghnm: haemorrhaging
rttiiipasln: hairsplitting
eeruioaskbn: housebreaking
14
eerrtiaashcn: heartsearching
16
eerttyiipalvnn: hyperventilating

hd
3
a: had
i: hid
o: hod
4
oo: hood
el: held
eo: hoed
ol: hold
ee: heed
ea: head
an: hand
ra: hard
in: hind
er: herd
5
eex: hexed
wee: hewed
eiv: hived
roa: hoard
uim: humid
eon: honed
eom: homed
eol: holed
eos: hosed
uon: hound
eta: hated
era: hared, heard
eik: hiked
ero: herod
eri: hired
eop: hoped
6
eadn: handed
etin: hinted
eedg: hedged
etta: hatted
eram: harmed
erta: hatred
erak: harked
eull: hulled
erpa: harped
etoo: hooted
eill: hilled
eiss: hissed
eogg: hogged
eusk: husked
euff: huffed
eopp: hopped
etos: hosted
eria: haired
ealv: halved
eepl: helped
eush: hushed
eerd: herded
eual: hauled
eash: hashed
etob: hotbed
eepa: heaped
rtoo: hotrod
etal: halted
eoax: hoaxed
eral: herald
eumm: hummed
eoal: haloed
etun: hunted
weak: hawked
eagn: hanged
erul: hurled
eeav: heaved
eeed: heeded
eron: horned
eupm: humped
euos: housed
eeal: healed
eugg: hugged
eeel: heeled
eeta: heated
eetf: hefted
eead: headed
ryib: hybrid
weol: howled
eook: hooked
rrio: horrid
eakc: hacked
etas: hasted
eood: hooded
eemm: hemmed
eial: hailed
raaz: hazard
eign: hinged
eoop: hooped
7
uasbn: husband
eolbb: hobbled
euhcn: hunched
errui: hurried
etios: hoisted
eeyon: honeyed
euddl: huddled
eaggl: haggled
erudn: hundred
erudl: hurdled
eerov: hovered
etusl: hustled
eroad: hoarded
ertul: hurtled
iionm: hominid
etuan: haunted
etahc: hatched
raasn: hansard
oalln: holland
rraav: harvard
raagg: haggard
eulbm: humbled
etihc: hitched
erria: harried
eadln: handled
eipal: helipad
euodn: hounded
eeklc: heckled
8
eaadln: headland
eeetlm: helmeted
eeroll: hollered
uioanm: humanoid
eoalnm: homeland
eerakn: hankered, harkened
eeramm: hammered
eiajkc: hijacked
oadhln: handhold
weroam: homeward
eruoon: honoured
eraadz: hazarded
weroad: headword
eeridn: hindered
eeppan: happened
eeradn: hardened
eeradl: heralded
ertyad: hydrated
weoall: hallowed
wrooad: hardwood
weiadn: headwind
iaghln: highland
eerugn: hungered
eraass: harassed
eerpam: hampered
eeyphn: hyphened
eetasn: hastened
eruuom: humoured
werroa: harrowed
eaadbn: headband
weooll: hollowed
eyiafl: hayfield
eertal: haltered
eeroov: hoovered
9
taasdnn: handstand
euioasm: housemaid
eioalbn: hobnailed
eoooskn: hooknosed
eruaagn: harangued
eeyakcn: hackneyed
eerassn: harnessed
erruoab: harboured
eetoasm: homestead
uiaknnm: humankind
wertooa: heartwood
eroaadb: headboard
rpaaahz: haphazard
eeerakn: hearkened
eertasv: harvested
euiasnm: humanised
eeiadln: headlined
eetoadh: hotheaded
etaasdn: headstand
rroaadb: hardboard
eeertan: heartened
euooshl: household
eettias: hesitated
erriiof: horrified
ertaaln: heartland
euiodbn: hidebound
etaahln: heathland
10
eipadkcn: handpicked
erioasnm: harmonised
eeraaddh: hardheaded
weioodkn: hoodwinked
etiihhkc: hitchhiked
etuiialm: humiliated
eetypahn: hyphenated
eeetighn: heightened
eiadggln: hangglided
ertialnn: hinterland
eeeighhl: highheeled
etyiopsn: hypnotised
eryiisdb: hybridised
euuoosbn: housebound
etooodlb: hotblooded
weeraavn: heavenward
eeraahmm: hammerhead
erioadlb: hardboiled
eetuadhn: headhunted
eerraadn: hardearned
euadffcn: handcuffed
ettuiaab: habituated
11
eryiooplb: hyperboloid
eippaadcn: handicapped
eerriaabn: harebrained
eruoddfln: hundredfold
eeyoocbnm: honeycombed
euahkccbn: hunchbacked
eertaafhl: halfhearted
etiipghhc: highpitched
rriopashc: harpsichord
ruiigbnmm: hummingbird
eerrtaadh: hardhearted
eetoaagln: halogenated
eeerttopm: hottempered
etiigghhl: highlighted
erriooahm: haemorrhoid
eerrpassd: hardpressed
eeioosgnm: homogenised
12
weerroafcn: henceforward
etuiaallcn: hallucinated
eetyiopssh: hypothesised
weerioppsh: horsewhipped
ertiiipsgh: highspirited
etiiopassl: hospitalised
eertyoadgn: hydrogenated
13
weruooadbnm: homewardbound
15
eeerttyipalvn: hyperventilated

he
2
: he
3
u: hue
o: hoe
4
on: hone
om: home
ol: hole
yp: hype
os: hose
ak: hake
al: hale
ri: hire
ik: hike
iv: hive
ra: hare
av: have
ov: hove
ug: huge
az: haze
er: here
id: hide
op: hope
ta: hate
5
uos: house
edg: hedge
tas: haste
ecn: hence
rod: horde
egn: henge
alv: halve
ign: hinge
ros: horse
eav: heave
6
oagm: homage
adln: handle
rraa: harare
iakn: hankie
iipp: hippie
assl: hassle
aggl: haggle
uanm: humane
eklc: heckle
robm: hombre
uddl: huddle
rudl: hurdle
tusl: hustle
rtul: hurtle
tial: halite
eras: hearse
roas: hoarse
ulbm: humble
aklc: hackle
eaxn: hexane
olbb: hobble
7
tiosl: hostile
toasg: hostage
iopsc: hospice
eyign: hygiene
rtuis: hirsute
eragb: herbage
uaagl: haulage
etpan: heptane
roonm: hormone
ryidd: hydride
wryia: haywire
eilnm: hemline
rtyad: hydrate
iopbn: hipbone
erion: heroine
ertac: hectare
tioln: hotline
8
ertiag: heritage
eeyobn: honeybee
ualbmm: hummable
erifll: hellfire
rioppn: hornpipe
eaadhc: headache
aaddnm: handmade
riialn: hairline
eiopps: hosepipe
riadln: hardline
ttopal: hotplate
uiasnm: humanise
oasdnm: handsome
rroadc: hardcore
eiadln: headline
oadllb: holdable
rriolb: horrible
aaklcb: hackable
eoadmm: homemade
eraalb: hearable
ruaagn: harangue
etpalm: helpmate
iiodcm: homicide
rriaac: haircare
wrraad: hardware
ttialb: hittable
ettias: hesitate
iisdll: hillside
tuoosh: hothouse
wetaav: heatwave
etoadn: headnote
eiplln: helpline
9
ertialb: heritable
aasdhkn: handshake
rruiacn: hurricane
rooopsc: horoscope
tioasln: hailstone
rioasnm: harmonise
iadggln: hangglide
tiaalbb: habitable
etoasdn: headstone
weuiosf: housewife
eeipadc: headpiece
etypahn: hyphenate
tuiialm: humiliate
tyiopsn: hypnotise
ttuiaab: habituate
ertiabn: hibernate
eroossh: horseshoe
eryipfn: hyperfine
eioolnn: holeinone
ryiadzn: hydrazine
eryoplb: hyperbole
uoooglm: homologue
raadkbn: handbrake
eriidcb: herbicide
eriipac: hairpiece
riadcnn: hindrance
eopadhn: headphone
ryioddx: hydroxide
rtyiopc: hypocrite
erriovb: herbivore
ertiagm: hermitage
rtyiasl: hairstyle
eryupcb: hypercube
tiiasnm: histamine
ertaahc: heartache
tiihhkc: hitchhike
10
eioosgnm: homogenise
ertioopl: heliotrope
eryppasc: hyperspace
riooppdm: hippodrome
eryppaln: hyperplane
tiopaslb: hospitable
eerrtoof: heretofore
eeripshm: hemisphere
ruooalbn: honourable
11
erroaaghm: haemorrhage
ertyipacv: hyperactive
etyiopssh: hypothesise
erriogbnn: herringbone
tuiaallcn: hallucinate
erryopsdh: hydrosphere
eyuosklcn: honeysuckle
eeriopshl: heliosphere
eerryppsh: hypersphere
12
rrttuuiolc: horticulture
13
errtiopadhm: hermaphrodite
rryiooddhlc: hydrochloride
14
eertyiipssvn: hypersensitive

uy
4
gl: ugly
5
ran: unary
rus: usury
ifn: unify
tin: unity
6
easn: uneasy
ohln: unholy
ruln: unruly
wran: unwary
tidn: untidy
udln: unduly
7
adhnn: unhandy
rrian: urinary
ussfn: unfussy
odgln: ungodly
acnnn: uncanny
ufnnn: unfunny
ppahn: unhappy
ttiil: utility
uasll: usually
ergcn: urgency
weran: unweary
rtian: unitary
uklcn: unlucky
eradn: unready
ruuag: uruguay
alnnm: unmanly
erttl: utterly
8
tusjln: unjustly
tialcm: ultimacy
eollvn: unlovely
qeuiln: uniquely
tuslbn: unsubtly
eiasln: uneasily
wrialn: unwarily
idklnn: unkindly
riafln: unfairly
iaglnn: ungainly
eralbn: urbanely
eolcnm: uncomely
weidln: unwieldy
uaslbn: unusably
eelvnn: unevenly
eiklln: unlikely
eusfll: usefully
etilnm: untimely
rttusn: untrusty
etasdn: unsteady
tiidln: untidily
rtiabn: urbanity
erpadn: underpay
eeslnm: unseemly
ertgln: urgently
eradln: underlay
wrpadl: upwardly
weisln: unwisely
easfln: unsafely
roasvn: unsavory
wrtohn: unworthy
9
uikllcn: unluckily
tisghln: unsightly
rtipghl: uprightly
rioflnm: uniformly
erpadln: underplay
eallcnn: uncleanly
etahhln: unhealthy
eesssll: uselessly
ippahln: unhappily
qeualln: unequally
ialcnnn: uncannily
eroddbn: underbody
ruoasvn: unsavoury
uuaslln: unusually
tiiaslb: usability
wrodlln: unworldly
ertialn: unreality
tiiannm: unanimity
ertahln: unearthly
10
eiadlbnn: undeniably
ertiisvn: university
eiasflbn: unfeasibly
wetodlnn: unwontedly
wuafllln: unlawfully
ertopshl: upholstery
ertusddn: understudy
rtiaasnn: unsanitary
eiasdlbn: unbiasedly
rtiiofnm: uniformity
eerdllbn: underbelly
tuiaslbn: unsuitably
eriallbn: unreliably
erriglnn: unerringly
ruaaglbn: unarguably
etiasdln: unsteadily
eeisglnn: unseeingly
eridflnn: unfriendly
eidglnnn: unendingly
tighklnn: unknightly
wrtiohln: unworthily
oolcnnmm: uncommonly
tuuoslcn: unctuously
eraalbbn: unbearably
ettiallm: ultimately
eralnnnm: unmannerly
11
eiassdlbn: unbiassedly
epaasklbn: unspeakably
ryiaglvnn: unvaryingly
erruidhln: unhurriedly
tuoalcbnn: uncountably
etiahhlln: unhealthily
etuoddlbn: undoubtedly
tiahklbnn: unthinkably
eiasglcnn: unceasingly
eissfhlln: unselfishly
ertialcnn: uncertainly
eriasdlbn: undesirably
iisgllnnm: unsmilingly
wiogklnnn: unknowingly
iiafgllnn: unfailingly
eaasdhlnm: unashamedly
tyipallcn: untypically
eriasllvn: universally
rtooodhxn: unorthodoxy
etiahllcn: unethically
erttiacnn: uncertainty
uioaslnnm: unanimously
uiasllcnm: unmusically
rtuaallnn: unnaturally
tuiiagbnm: unambiguity
eerrtosdn: understorey
eriglvnnn: unnervingly
toppaslbn: unstoppably
eerasscnn: unnecessary
eaasdhlbn: unabashedly
erttualbn: unutterably
eupfhllln: unhelpfully
wiiglllnn: unwillingly
ioaadlvbn: unavoidably
wttiiglnn: unwittingly
eeifgllnn: unfeelingly
ertaallbn: unalterably
12
ettiialbnn: untenability
eettadlcbn: undetectably
iigkllbnnn: unblinkingly
rioafglvbn: unforgivably
ertiiaslvn: universality
eoaasslbnn: unseasonably
weriaglvnn: unwaveringly
eruifllcnm: unmercifully
eeruosglnn: ungenerously
eeetpdlxcn: unexpectedly
ertiaallln: unilaterally
eerrisdfln: userfriendly
eetufllvnn: uneventfully
rruioopasl: uproariously
eeersddlvn: undeservedly
ttiaaalbnn: unattainably
etpaalccbn: unacceptably
iiaaglbnnm: unimaginably
rtuioppaln: unpopularity
rtiiallccn: uncritically
rttuufhlln: untruthfully
iioaffllcn: unofficially
ttiipaadlb: updatability
tiaasklbnm: unmistakably
eaaaglbnnm: unmanageably
ruoaaflvbn: unfavourably
eeerrsdlvn: unreservedly
werisglvnn: unswervingly
etpaasllnn: unpleasantly
eroaaslbnn: unreasonably
ttiisglnnn: unstintingly
iiaagllvnn: unavailingly
rtiopaflbn: unprofitably
rtiaahlcbn: uncharitably
eetadfflcn: unaffectedly
ruioasglcn: ungraciously
ertuafglln: ungratefully
tiighklnnn: unthinkingly
eeiallvbbn: unbelievably
13
tyiipaallbn: unplayability
uioosslccnn: unconsciously
eertigllnnn: unrelentingly
rtiiioaglnn: unoriginality
tuiiasfjlbn: unjustifiably
etiaasklbnm: unmistakeably
iifghllcnnn: unflinchingly
ertuioslvbn: unobtrusively
eerodlccnnn: unconcernedly
wrtiioaklbn: unworkability
qeuioallcvn: unequivocally
etiooallnnm: unemotionally
tuoaalccbnn: unaccountably
etiiidhlbnn: uninhibitedly
ertiissglnn: unresistingly
eetagllnnnm: ungentlemanly
ertipadlcbn: unpredictably
wrrtaaalbnn: unwarrantably
eerttpalnnn: unrepentantly
ioaasfhlbnn: unfashionably
ertiiaadlbn: unreadability
erttuoaflnn: unfortunately
rtooaflcbnm: uncomfortably
ertiiiallbn: unreliability
eeriasslcnn: unnecessarily
ttuiiiaslbn: unsuitability
rtiiiaaflnm: unfamiliarity
uuioasglbnm: unambiguously
erttiiglnnm: unremittingly
wrrtttuoshn: untrustworthy
euiissddgln: undisguisedly
ttuuipalcnn: unpunctuality
14
rttioaassfcn: unsatisfactory
iioglccvnnnn: unconvincingly
euusssfllccn: unsuccessfully
iooaslccbnnn: unconscionably
qetuioaslbnn: unquestionably
ertiiiasdlbn: undesirability
rtiiiadklbnn: undrinkability
erioasglcbnn: unrecognisably
ettiiasghlnn: unhesitatingly
rtooalllcbnn: uncontrollably
ertaasddlbnn: understandably
etiiiaddlcbn: undecidability
tiiiaaallvbn: unavailability
rruiipssglnn: unsurprisingly
ertiiaaklbbn: unbreakability
eeerttisdlnn: uninterestedly
15
iiopagllcnnnm: uncomplainingly
ertiiaaslllcn: unrealistically
tiiooadllcnnn: unconditionally
ettiioallnnnn: unintentionally
eetttiiadlcbn: undetectability
eetiiiallvbbn: unbelievability
eeeertpddlcnn: unprecedentedly
etiiiaaglvnnm: unimaginatively
eeruiooslcnnm: unceremoniously
qetuiiosglnnn: unquestioningly
ertiioaflvnnm: uninformatively
ertiasddglnnn: understandingly
ettiipaalccbn: unacceptability
ertiopalcnnmm: uncomplimentary
eerttiipaalbn: unrepeatability
eerrttuipdlnn: uninterruptedly
16
ertioaadllccnm: undemocratically
ttuiioaalccbnn: unaccountability
etiooallcvnnnn: unconventionally
erttiiipadlcbn: unpredictability
rttiioaassflcn: unsatisfactorily
riioopsglcnnmm: uncompromisingly
17
euioosssfllccnn: unselfconsciously
eeriopdghlcnnnm: uncomprehendingly
errtiooasllcvnn: uncontroversially
ettyipaashllcnm: unsympathetically
erttiiaasddlbnn: understandability
18
ettuiiaasshllcnn: unenthusiastically
tttuiiooasllcnnn: unconstitutionally
20
errttiiaaashllcccn: uncharacteristically

ux
10
rtooodhn: unorthodox
5
ifn: unfix
6
eisn: unisex

ut
4
in: unit
5
iln: unlit
enm: unmet
eps: upset
esn: unset
ucn: uncut
ifn: unfit
pan: unapt
6
usjn: unjust
easn: unseat
opsh: upshot
esnn: unsent
opsm: upmost
ersn: unrest
pasc: upcast
epkn: unkept
ruhn: unhurt
ualm: umlaut
efln: unfelt
ebnn: unbent
epab: upbeat
tosm: utmost
olbn: unbolt
roop: uproot
ergn: urgent
ipfl: uplift
7
eisgl: ugliest
rubnn: unburnt
epsnn: unspent
epknm: unkempt
ripgh: upright
ropfn: upfront
qeuin: unquiet
wtisn: untwist
rtpas: upstart
8
erudcn: undercut
weissn: unwisest
eruppc: uppercut
uosghn: unsought
tuaghn: untaught
uaghcn: uncaught
iopsln: unspoilt
erpakm: upmarket
rtupsh: upthrust
iiosnn: unionist
9
eeiassn: uneasiest
rioosgl: urologist
erttosm: uttermost
weerdnn: underwent
eroadcn: undercoat
eisdknn: unkindest
eroodfn: underfoot
eroppsm: uppermost
etiisdn: untidiest
10
euisklcn: unluckiest
yiislccn: unicyclist
errodfcn: undercroft
eippashn: unhappiest
epaaslnn: unpleasant
errisdkn: underskirt
11
ertioallv: ultraviolet
eroasvbnn: unobservant
weoskbnnn: unbeknownst
rtiopannm: unimportant
weeridghn: underweight
eertpannn: unrepentant
eeiisklln: unlikeliest
12
eriiasslvn: universalist
eerradgnnm: undergarment
eerrrudcnn: undercurrent
eeyoplnnmm: unemployment
eetiashhln: unhealthiest
13
eetiigllnnn: unintelligent
eeriisdflnn: unfriendliest
ertiiaaslln: unilateralist
14
eeerttasdnnm: understatement
15
eeertisdvnnnm: underinvestment
eeeryopdlnnmm: underemployment
16
eeeeriadhcvnnm: underachievement
eerruiosdhnnnm: undernourishment
eeeeropddlvnnm: underdevelopment

uw
9
erodfln: underflow
7
erscn: unscrew

up
2
: up
5
rus: usurp
izn: unzip
6
eepk: upkeep
wran: unwrap

us
2
: us
3
p: ups
4
rn: urns
es: uses
5
tin: units
erg: urges
ers: users
6
ersh: ushers
tifn: unfits
etin: unites, unties
erpp: uppers
ranm: unarms
ionn: unions
esln: unless
toab: uboats
etps: upsets
easg: usages
ruan: uranus
rtun: uturns
elcn: uncles
erlc: ulcers
ertt: utters
ertu: uterus
erdd: udders
ipzn: unzips
rabm: umbras
rabn: unbars
7
rropa: uproars
iolcn: uncoils
eascn: usances
asknm: unmasks
odfln: unfolds
widnn: unwinds
opadl: uploads
ertsn: unrests
ertsl: ulsters
oohkn: unhooks
roscn: uncross
eiifn: unifies
padln: uplands
ersdn: undress
eessl: useless
errus: usurers
ipkln: uplinks
rihcn: urchins
oklcn: unlocks
tiopa: utopias
pakcn: unpacks
tipfl: uplifts
tualm: umlauts
oadln: unloads
riggn: urgings
wrpan: unwraps
eerrt: ureters
wrpad: upwards
opdhl: upholds
eilvn: unveils
iosnn: unisons
etpad: updates
rufln: unfurls
rtoop: uproots
etiin: unities
eripm: umpires
8
iodgnn: undoings
ripadb: upbraids
rttuhn: untruths
rtipas: upstairs
eeukll: ukuleles
woknnn: unknowns
weraan: unawares
rttpas: upstarts
riofnm: uniforms
ertahn: unearths
errtah: urethras
eruolc: ulcerous
eisgln: ugliness
riocnn: unicorns
etisln: utensils
erpadg: upgrades
tiopan: utopians
tuuocn: unctuous
erocvn: uncovers
erupsg: upsurges
rtipgh: uprights
etiisl: utilises
eralvn: unravels
ruuios: usurious
etpasg: upstages
9
eyilccn: unicycles
etuadln: undulates
epaahlv: upheavals
eerisvn: universes
erpakcn: unpackers
uiilcbm: umbilicus
uioannm: unanimous
ertiabn: urbanites
eropdhl: upholders
eerodgn: undergoes
etisfnn: unfitness
riipsgn: uprisings
eeashln: unleashes
eroddgn: underdogs
tiiosnn: unionists
ettiiil: utilities
eeridln: underlies
eripdnn: underpins
etuagln: ungulates
ertudcn: undercuts
erpasdn: underpass
erallbm: umbrellas
10
eeridlnn: underlines
eertadkn: undertakes
eruislnn: unruliness
eruoagbm: umbrageous
eeussfln: usefulness
eeassfnn: unsafeness
eriaslvn: universals
eeruognn: ungenerous
qeeuisnn: uniqueness
eeiassnn: uneasiness
erasdlcn: underclass
ripadggn: upgradings
ttuialmm: ultimatums
errtpadn: underparts
eerisddn: undersides
erypadln: underplays
ertpadnn: underpants
eertodnn: undertones
eaalcbnn: unbalances
eisdknnn: unkindness
errttiih: urethritis
eeridnnm: undermines
eeesvnnn: unevenness
eridglnn: underlings
eerussnn: unsureness
eriasfnn: unfairness
rruioopa: uproarious
etiisdnn: untidiness
erppaslc: upperclass
ruioagcn: ungracious
eerttacn: utterances
etussjnn: unjustness
11
weerrtidn: underwrites
uioosccnn: unconscious
ertasddnn: understands
ruooaglnm: unglamorous
tuiioabnm: unambitious
eraslcbnm: unscrambles
eeerilvbn: unbelievers
euioodlnm: unmelodious
eerttasdn: understates
eippashnn: unhappiness
uuioagbnm: unambiguous
tuioadlnn: undulations
eerrtadkn: undertakers
etuoshcnn: uncouthness
euossdnnn: unsoundness
ertipsghn: uprightness
riipggbnn: upbringings
weeraasnn: unawareness
rtioaslcn: ultrasonics
eeruadlvn: undervalues
ertioalcn: ulcerations
tyiislccn: unicyclists
eeessssln: uselessness
12
eertodhlcn: underclothes
eertiiisvn: universities
eriidglnnn: underlinings
wertioshnn: unworthiness
erttuoafnn: unfortunates
etuoahlcbn: untouchables
weerrrtidn: underwriters
rttiiiaaln: utilitarians
ertiadgknn: undertakings
eetiassdnn: unsteadiness
erruoddgnn: undergrounds
eerrtopshl: upholsterers
eeiiskllnn: unlikeliness
ruuuopslcn: unscrupulous
weuasfllnn: unlawfulness
eeriasdlbn: undesirables
13
eeripasdhnm: underemphasis
ertuuoadvnn: unadventurous
eerttiiacnn: uncertainties
eerttuiopnn: unpretentious
ettuioocnnn: uncontentious
eerrtadgnnm: undergarments
eriipdgnnnn: underpinnings
eeiasllcnnn: uncleanliness
eerrrtudcnn: undercurrents
weiisgllnnn: unwillingness
eeisssfhlnn: unselfishness
14
eerrtuaaddgn: undergraduates
eetuiasslbnn: unsuitableness
eeerttiasdnm: underestimates
eetioalbnnnm: unmentionables
eetpaasslnnn: unpleasantness
eeerrppasdnn: unpreparedness
eeeetpsdxcnn: unexpectedness
ertiasddgnnn: understandings
etuiasffhlnn: unfaithfulness
eeriisdflnnn: unfriendliness
15
weertioasshnn: unseaworthiness
euioosssccnnn: unconsciousness
euioossflccnn: unselfconscious
16
eeeroaasslbnnn: unreasonableness
eeeriopsssvnnn: unresponsiveness
eertttiaascvnn: unattractiveness
eeerriissdflnn: userfriendliness
17
eeettiiopscvnnm: uncompetitiveness
eertooasflcbnnm: uncomfortableness
18
erttiioaasssfcnn: unsatisfactoriness

ur
4
es: user
5
ett: utter
edd: udder
elc: ulcer
edn: under
abn: unbar
epp: upper
esh: usher
6
etsl: ulster
ualv: uvular
erus: usurer
iafn: unfair
eert: ureter
eigl: uglier
ropa: uproar
7
eertt: utterer
etpad: updater
eripv: upriver
eiifn: unifier
erups: usurper
eocvn: uncover
ealcn: unclear
8
iopaln: unipolar
ertiol: ulterior
eeiasn: uneasier
eopdhl: upholder
eosdln: unsolder
etiidn: untidier
9
eippahn: unhappier
weeradn: underwear
uoppaln: unpopular
euiklcn: unluckier
etopshl: upholster
10
eeeilvbn: unbeliever
eertadkn: undertaker
iiaaflnm: unfamiliar
eerodcvn: undercover
weertadn: underwater
eroodfln: underfloor
11
eertopshl: upholsterer
weerrtidn: underwriter
euialllcn: unicellular
eetiahhln: unhealthier
12
eeriidflnn: unfriendlier
eertasddnn: understander
13
etupaaslccn: unspectacular

um
5
ran: unarm
ajn: unjam
6
rifn: unfirm
7
ruian: uranium
riofn: uniform
oosbn: unbosom
8
easlcn: unclesam
ertpas: upstream
erradn: underarm
wiosdn: unwisdom
iiosnn: unionism
9
ttuialm: ultimatum
12
eriiasslvn: universalism
13
ertiiaaslln: unilateralism
14
rttiiiiaasln: utilitarianism

ul
5
tin: until
uas: usual
6
easn: unseal
eivn: unveil
rufn: unfurl
eran: unreal
weln: unwell
iphl: uphill
eusf: useful
iocn: uncoil
roln: unroll
7
uuasn: unusual
qeuan: unequal
iicvn: uncivil
eravn: unravel
etisn: utensil
eiadn: unideal
8
wuafln: unlawful
ioascn: unsocial
errtah: urethral
epaahv: upheaval
9
eupfhln: unhelpful
etiahcn: unethical
tyipacn: untypical
uiascnm: unmusical
ttuafcn: untactful
iialcbm: umbilical
rtuaann: unnatural
uisfkln: unskilful
eriasvn: universal
10
eriaacnm: unicameral
etiopacn: unpoetical
ertuafgn: ungrateful
tuiaffhn: unfaithful
tuupacnn: unpunctual
rtiiaccn: uncritical
eruafgcn: ungraceful
riioagnn: unoriginal
eoaassnn: unseasonal
eetufvnn: uneventful
yipashcn: unphysical
rtuuiffn: unfruitful
ertiaaln: unilateral
rttuufhn: untruthful
iioaffcn: unofficial
11
rtipaaccn: unpractical
etiooannm: unemotional
qeuioacvn: unequivocal
eioagcnnn: uncongenial
12
euusssfccn: unsuccessful
ttuuofghhn: unthoughtful
eiooaccnnm: uneconomical
13
ettiioannnn: unintentional
etioaassnnn: unsensational
tiiooadcnnn: unconditional
rtiaaagcnmm: ungrammatical
eettiasnnnm: unsentimental
eetiopaxcnn: unexceptional
ttuiaassbnn: unsubstantial
14
etiooacvnnnn: unconventional
ertiiioadcnn: unidirectional
erioopassfnn: unprofessional
eettuiallcnn: unintellectual
15
errtiooascvnn: uncontroversial
16
tttuiiooascnnn: unconstitutional

uo
3
f: ufo
4
dn: undo
tn: unto
5
rop: uproo
6
tilm: ultimo
7
erdgn: undergo

un
3
r: urn
4
op: upon
5
ion: union
rab: urban
6
wtop: uptown
iosn: unison
eesn: unseen
rtup: upturn
robn: unborn
eevn: uneven
wron: unworn
rihc: urchin
7
uahnm: unhuman
eraln: unlearn
eetpm: umpteen
woknn: unknown
tiopa: utopian
aadgn: ugandan
roshn: unshorn
iopsl: upsilon
ealcn: unclean
tiocn: unction
riocn: unicorn
eetan: uneaten
iahcn: unchain
eadln: unladen
8
oocnmm: uncommon
erudbn: unburden
eripdn: underpin
ttuobn: unbutton
erokbn: unbroken
eiddhn: unhidden
eashkn: unshaken
erofzn: unfrozen
eropvn: unproven
eetabn: unbeaten
eopskn: unspoken
eiddbn: unbidden
epashn: unshapen
eashvn: unshaven
etasfn: unfasten
9
ertiacn: uncertain
eriadln: underlain
eroccnn: unconcern
weokbnn: unbeknown
werttin: unwritten
ertoddn: untrodden
10
tuioadln: undulation
eeerosfn: unforeseen
eertadkn: undertaken
weiopsdd: upsidedown
eriofgvn: unforgiven
ertioalc: ulceration
rtuiopas: usurpation
11
rtiiashcn: unchristian
rttiiiaal: utilitarian
tiiioafcn: unification
ttiiioasl: utilisation
12
rtiioaasbn: urbanisation
tiiiooasnn: unionisation
weerrttidn: underwritten
tiiioafglc: uglification
15
eerttiioasdnm: underestimation
ertuiooppadln: underpopulation
16
ttiiioopasshcn: unsophistication

ui
5
ert: uteri

uh
4
uh: uhuh
ta: utah
7
rttun: untruth
ertan: unearth
easln: unleash
tuocn: uncouth
8
elccnn: unclench
toosnm: unsmooth
9
eissfln: unselfish
eettpnm: umpteenth
10
eertadnn: underneath
11
werrtodgn: undergrowth

uk
9
ertoodn: undertook
6
oohn: unhook
olcn: unlock
ilnn: unlink
ipcn: unpick
ipln: uplink
asnm: unmask
pacn: unpack
7
tuscn: unstuck
olcbn: unblock
tascn: unstack

ue
3
k: uke
s: use
4
rg: urge
5
lcn: uncle
rin: urine
tin: unite, untie
udn: undue
asg: usage
6
tpak: uptake
risn: ursine
albn: unable
ripn: unripe
ripm: umpire
tpad: update
rips: uprise
rtun: untrue
odnn: undone
adnm: unmade
easn: unease
rtpa: uprate
quin: unique
rabm: umbrae
rabn: urbane
alcn: unlace
ipsd: upside
rusn: unsure
asfn: unsafe
wisn: unwise
aslb: usable
ikln: unlike
7
eukll: ukulele
iakln: unalike
ragbm: umbrage
ighnn: unhinge
qtuon: unquote
ervnn: unnerve
wedgn: unwedge
ertin: uterine
wraan: unaware
easlb: useable
tpasg: upstage
oosln: unloose
rpadg: upgrade
riakn: ukraine
tiisl: utilise
rupsg: upsurge
8
ettsln: unsettle
riasbn: urbanise
ttialm: ultimate
taglnn: untangle
eridln: underlie
riddln: unriddle
uaslbn: unusable
taslbn: unstable
erisvn: universe
tuslbn: unsubtle
yilccn: unicycle
errtah: urethrae
uklcbn: unbuckle
ertahn: urethane
ertalc: ulcerate
eerfzn: unfreeze
uoplcn: uncouple
tuadln: undulate
9
weolcnm: unwelcome
etalbnn: untenable
erisddn: underside
eroddnn: underdone
erodgnn: undergone
erttacn: utterance
eridlnn: underline
iiaflbn: unifiable
ertodnn: undertone
eerttsh: usherette
ertadkn: undertake
errtadn: underrate
etaalbn: uneatable
aalcbnn: unbalance
erppasc: uppercase
eridnnm: undermine
oallvbn: unlovable
10
eiadlbnn: undeniable
ertiacvn: uncreative
ioaslcbn: unsociable
eialvbnn: unenviable
eiakllbn: unlikeable
eiasflbn: unfeasible
eetalbnm: unmeetable
werrtodn: underwrote
iasslbnm: unmissable
easlllbn: unsellable
rpaadglb: upgradable
yiadklln: unladylike
ettaslbn: untestable
werrtidn: underwrite
rtopalbn: unportable
aashklbn: unshakable
raashlbn: unsharable
erradfnm: underframe
ropalvbn: unprovable
tuiaslbn: unsuitable
eriallbn: unreliable
ruaaglbn: unarguable
eiifnnnm: unfeminine
eraadlbn: unreadable
erttasdn: understate
ypaallbn: unplayable
etaalbbn: unbeatable
roadflbn: unfordable
tipaadvn: unadaptive
woaklbnn: unknowable
wiadlbnn: unwindable
raslcbnm: unscramble
riaaslbn: unraisable
eraalbbn: unbearable
eaasllbn: unsaleable, unsealable
wroaklbn: unworkable
iasklbnn: unsinkable
oasllvbn: unsolvable
11
raaklccbn: uncrackable
epaasklbn: unspeakable
eiaddlcbn: undecidable
iallcbbnm: unclimbable
toppaslbn: unstoppable
tuoalcbnn: uncountable
iaaallvbn: unavailable
euassglbn: unguessable
weooshlnm: unwholesome
eiadflbnn: undefinable
eahklccbn: uncheckable
tiahklbnn: unthinkable
ttuiiivnn: unintuitive
ruiaslbnn: uninsurable
eraaklbbn: unbreakable
wtaahlcbn: unwatchable
eroalbnmm: unmemorable
eriasdlbn: undesirable
riadklbnn: undrinkable
oashklcbn: unshockable
rtppaalbn: untrappable
eruadlbnn: unendurable
erttaalbn: untreatable
rtipalbnn: unprintable
eertipcvn: unreceptive
rrtiaalnm: ultramarine
eetallcbn: unelectable
etafhlcbn: unfetchable
tuoahlcbn: untouchable
roppadlbn: undroppable
roasslcbn: uncrossable
ruashlcbn: uncrushable
wppaaslbn: unswappable
ertiassvn: unassertive
taahlcbnm: unmatchable
rttuoafnn: unfortunate
rtuiosvbn: unobtrusive
ertaalcbn: untraceable
erttualbn: unutterable
tpaaallbn: unpalatable
tiiaslvbn: unvisitable
ioaadlvbn: unavoidable
erpaadglb: upgradeable
eaashklbn: unshakeable
eraahlcbn: unreachable
ertaallbn: unalterable
iaaglvbnn: unnavigable
12
eettadlcbn: undetectable
eriaasllbn: unrealisable
ruoaaflvbn: unfavourable
toaafhlbnm: unfathomable
rtttiaacvn: unattractive
eyopallbnm: unemployable
eroaglvbnn: ungovernable
eoaasslbnn: unseasonable
eriadglbbn: unbridgeable
eeraasllbn: unreleasable
rtuiopdcvn: unproductive
ropaadlbnn: unpardonable
rttoaalnnm: ultramontane
erripaalbn: unrepairable
iopallcbnm: uncompilable
eroasllvbn: unresolvable
iioadflbnm: unmodifiable
ttiaaalbnn: unattainable
etpaalccbn: unacceptable
iiaaglbnnm: unimaginable
eruipassvn: unpersuasive
eroaaslbnn: unreasonable
roaadfflbn: unaffordable
eertpaalbn: unrepeatable
tiaasklbnm: unmistakable
iaaassllbn: unassailable
rioafglvbn: unforgivable
etioalcbnn: unnoticeable
eeerrtagnn: unregenerate
eruaaslbnm: unmeasurable
tioaalbbnn: unobtainable
eiaahlcvbn: unachievable
eriipssvnm: unimpressive
rtiopaflbn: unprofitable
rtiaahlcbn: uncharitable
ruiaslvvbn: unsurvivable
eriiaflvbn: unverifiable
erraaklbnm: unremarkable
weraaslbnn: unanswerable
eroaslvbbn: unobservable
qeuahlcbnn: unquenchable
eaaaglbnnm: unmanageable
eriopssvnn: unresponsive
rtiopacnnm: unimportance
eeiallvbbn: unbelievable
eaaghlcbnn: unchangeable
13
tiiaassflbn: unsatisfiable
tioaalcbnnn: uncontainable
erttoafglbn: unforgettable
tuiiasfjlbn: unjustifiable
errriaadgcn: undercarriage
etttuiophnm: uptotheminute
etiaasklbnm: unmistakeable
eeroaflcbnn: unenforceable
eeeroasflbn: unforeseeable
eerroalcvbn: unrecoverable
qeruoalcbnn: unconquerable
ioaasdglbnn: undiagnosable
eerttiasdnm: underestimate
tuoaalccbnn: unaccountable
uipashllbbn: unpublishable
rtuoppaslbn: unsupportable
errtuaaddgn: undergraduate
ertipadlcbn: unpredictable
wrrtaaalbnn: unwarrantable
erttashlcbn: unstretchable
ettiiopcvnm: uncompetitive
tiiaahlbbnn: uninhabitable
tuiaasslbnn: unsustainable
ioaasfhlbnn: unfashionable
uiaffllllbn: unfulfillable
rupaassslbn: unsurpassable
iiaasffllbn: unfalsifiable
eipaallxbnn: unexplainable
rtooaflcbnm: uncomfortable
errtoalccbn: uncorrectable
ertioopacvn: uncooperative
eeriaslcvbn: unserviceable
tiiiaagvnnm: unimaginative
etioalbnnnm: unmentionable
eeriadllvbn: undeliverable
rtiioafvnnm: uninformative
eipaahlcbnm: unimpeachable
eraassddlbn: unaddressable
14
erruiopdlcbn: unreproducible
etiiiglllbnn: unintelligible
rttaaasllbnn: untranslatable
iooaslccbnnn: unconscionable
tiiaaalbnnnm: unmaintainable
qetuioaslbnn: unquestionable
erioasglcbnn: unrecognisable
ertiippaacvn: unappreciative
rtttuiaalbbn: unattributable
roppaaahlcbn: unapproachable
rtooalllcbnn: uncontrollable
ertaasddlbnn: understandable
etiiiadflbnn: unidentifiable
qtuiiaaflbnn: unquantifiable
iiaassfllcbn: unclassifiable
15
eruoopalcbnnn: unpronounceable
eetiopalxcbnn: unexceptionable
erttioasdvnnm: undemonstrative
rioopaslcbnmm: uncompromisable
etiooajlcbbnn: unobjectionable
eeaaghlllcbnn: unchallengeable
rrttopaaslbnn: untransportable
eetipallbnnmm: unimplementable
eeerrtpaslbnn: unrepresentable
eerrttipalbnn: uninterpretable
tuiioaccvnnmm: uncommunicative
16
eeerrttipasvnn: unrepresentative
eerrropadfcnnm: underperformance

ud
4
es: used
5
idn: undid
epp: upped
erg: urged
wen: unwed
efn: unfed
6
eadn: undead
etin: united, untied
ibnn: unbind
ahnn: unhand
eran: unread
oaln: unload
paln: upland
eusn: unused
osln: unsold
iasn: unsaid
ebnn: unbend
toln: untold
wrpa: upward
ophl: uphold
alcn: unclad
wean: unawed
wipn: upwind
oshn: unshod
ipan: unpaid
ofln: unfold
iknn: unkind
winn: unwind
ephl: upheld
opal: upload
7
uobnn: unbound
eifxn: unfixed
eersh: ushered
easkn: unasked
eannm: unnamed
eascn: uncased
eixnm: unmixed
ertpa: uprated
eilnn: unlined
weobn: unbowed
eracn: uncared
easvn: unsaved
eiifn: unified
etypn: untyped
ealcn: unlaced
erifn: unfired
weonn: unowned
eophn: unhoped
eipfl: upfield
eertt: uttered
eranm: unarmed
eovnm: unmoved
etanm: untamed
etonn: unnoted
eiadn: unaided
eepdn: upended
erucn: uncured
etpad: updated
ertin: untried
epavn: unpaved
ripab: upbraid
wuonn: unwound
etaxn: untaxed
erups: usurped
erahn: unheard
eripm: umpired
etadn: undated
eolvn: unloved
uosnn: unsound
8
eervnn: unnerved
weafln: unflawed
eefcnn: unfenced
eiosln: unsoiled
ertosn: unsorted
erokcn: uncorked
eudfnn: unfunded
eoslcn: unclosed
eajnmm: unjammed
etppan: untapped
eallcn: uncalled
eipkcn: unpicked
erofnm: unformed
eettsn: untested
errabn: unbarred
erahnm: unharmed
eislcn: unsliced
eoklcn: unlocked
erolln: unrolled
eighnn: unhinged
eracbn: unbraced
eropvn: unproved
eripan: unpaired
eiklnn: unlinked
eookcn: uncooked
eeadln: unleaded
etisln: unlisted
eeepln: unpeeled
weeddn: unwedded
eoslvn: unsolved
riaafn: unafraid
ertupn: upturned
ertoop: uprooted
etolbn: unbolted
eersvn: unversed
ettiln: untitled
euidgn: unguided
eiflln: unfilled
epashn: unshaped
eeedhn: unheeded
eannnm: unmanned
eetahn: unheated
etaabn: unabated
weashn: unwashed
eruibn: unburied
ertunn: unturned
euissn: unissued
eisgnn: unsigned
wetann: unwanted
ertacn: untraced
etipfl: uplifted
eoohkn: unhooked
easlcn: unscaled
eeilvn: unveiled
eiocvn: unvoiced
etpasn: unpasted
erashn: unshared
eeasln: unsealed
eodfln: unfolded
eppanm: unmapped
eippzn: unzipped
eocbnm: uncombed
eabnnn: unbanned
eopadl: uploaded
epakcn: unpacked
eoadln: unloaded
erulcn: uncurled
ettasn: unstated, untasted
eiolbn: unboiled
eraknm: unmarked
eaglzn: unglazed
eetdnn: untended
eeesdn: unseeded
wrtoan: untoward
weeann: unweaned
eeednn: unneeded
eetasn: unseated
etaggn: untagged
etiisl: utilised
eiolcn: uncoiled
erubnn: unburned
euasnm: unamused
eookbn: unbooked
etuisn: unsuited
epalcn: unplaced
eripas: upraised
eashvn: unshaved
eeopnn: unopened
easknm: unmasked
easdhn: unshaded
werann: unwarned
weranm: unwarmed
eetidn: unedited
eualvn: unvalued
eppacn: uncapped
etasln: unsalted
erpadg: upgraded
eerann: unearned
erufln: unfurled
erofcn: unforced
etpasg: upstaged
qetuon: unquoted
eerdfn: underfed
eiasbn: unbiased
9
eoklcbn: unblocked
werodcn: uncrowded
eerssdn: undressed
eriofnm: uniformed
eeertnn: unentered
eialcnm: unclaimed
eeidfnn: undefined
easddln: unsaddled
eruffln: unruffled
weerian: unwearied
eertacn: uncreated
eiafcnn: unfancied
erudfnn: underfund
werrion: unworried
werocnn: uncrowned
eertaln: unaltered, unrelated
eeashln: unleashed
eertalc: ulcerated
etuiadn: unaudited
eraghcn: uncharged
epasnnn: unspanned
errtisn: unstirred
eerudcn: unreduced
weuodnn: unwounded
eruisbn: unbruised
etoppsn: unstopped
etiocnn: unnoticed
eroadnn: unadorned
eeaggnn: unengaged
eeralnn: unlearned
eeidfln: undefiled
eridlbn: unbridled
euodbnn: unbounded
eruadgn: unguarded
etiivnn: uninvited
etiilnm: unlimited
eulzznm: unmuzzled
eehkccn: unchecked
etashcn: unscathed
eerascn: uncreased
eerttan: untreated
ertipnn: unprinted
eetixcn: unexcited
eerocvn: uncovered
eedfgln: unfledged
werppan: unwrapped
eaghcnn: unchanged
eiassbn: unbiassed
eradhnn: underhand
euislln: unsullied
epaslcn: unclasped
erttuon: untutored
wetahcn: unwatched
eaashnm: unashamed
etisghn: unsighted
eisklln: unskilled
etuonnm: unmounted
euklcbn: unbuckled
eruoasn: unaroused
eerisdn: undesired
etiasnn: unstained
weerscn: unscrewed
eeifgnn: unfeigned
etuadln: undulated
eerisvn: unrevised
weroodn: underwood
eilcbnm: unclimbed
etuocnn: uncounted
eeruscn: unsecured
eripadn: underpaid
eettsln: unsettled
wettisn: untwisted
eeiddcn: undecided
eripadb: upbraided
euodlcn: unclouded
etaglnn: untangled
epalnnn: unplanned
etaskcn: unstacked
etahcnm: unmatched
euosfcn: unfocused
euodfnn: unfounded
eerifnn: unrefined
eradbnn: unbranded
etipann: unpainted
eertahn: unearthed
eooppsn: unopposed
eudlbnn: unbundled
eertinm: unmerited
eaadgnm: undamaged
etuohcn: untouched
etuidln: undiluted
eiopsln: unspoiled
eeetlcn: unelected
etpasnm: unstamped
eeagvnn: unavenged
euoplcn: uncoupled
eeripxn: unexpired
eiiosnn: unionised
etuodbn: undoubted
eerahcn: unreached
ertiann: untrained
eridgbn: unbridged
eeipdnm: unimpeded
etpaadn: unadapted
etuadnn: undaunted
eupggln: unplugged
euusdbn: unsubdued
ertahcn: uncharted
eruisnn: uninsured
erruihn: unhurried
eaashbn: unabashed
ettiann: untainted
eyoalln: unalloyed
errianm: unmarried
eiahcnn: unchained
erttusn: untrusted
eeralcn: uncleared
eruijnn: uninjured
etiisvn: unvisited
eiiddvn: undivided
eriasbn: urbanised
eerrodn: unordered
erosscn: uncrossed
eeadnnm: unamended
eiaglnn: unaligned
etohlcn: unclothed
10
eerrtadn: underrated
eeeddfnn: undefended
qeertuin: unrequited
eettadnn: unattended
etuiafgn: unfatigued
eerrodcn: unrecorded
eeeerrfn: unrefereed
ertoosdn: understood
eerosvbn: unobserved
ertoppnm: unprompted
eeericvn: unreceived
weerasnn: unanswered
eeriasln: unrealised
ertppasn: unstrapped
rtuoasln: ultrasound
eooslcnn: unconsoled
eeradhln: unheralded
eruodgnn: ungrounded
ettuobnn: unbuttoned
euipshnn: unpunished
eaalcbnn: unbalanced
etuipsdn: undisputed
eeiaxnnm: unexamined
eriopvnm: unimproved
eroppavn: unapproved
werrodln: underworld
weetighn: unweighted
eerraknm: unremarked
eettalnn: untalented
eeettdcn: undetected
eeerrsvn: unreserved
eeealvnn: unleavened
eiisfhnn: unfinished
eeridlnn: underlined
eetivnnn: uninvented
eertidcn: uncredited, undirected
eeetadfn: undefeated
eriipsnn: uninspired
eriipanm: unimpaired
eeroplxn: unexplored
eeroslvn: unresolved
eertohbn: unbothered
eealllbn: unlabelled
weeaaknn: unawakened
eiaassln: unassailed
eetisdgn: undigested
eeertpan: unrepeated
eertoscn: unescorted
eeriscvn: unserviced
weerradn: unrewarded
eeahlcbn: unbleached
eyiasdnm: undismayed
etuoplln: unpolluted
etiasssn: unassisted
eetaffcn: unaffected
eeislcnn: unlicensed
eeersdvn: undeserved
eeerilvn: unrelieved
eeppaasn: unappeased
euoscnnm: unconsumed
eeerrtdn: undeterred
eeerttfn: unfettered
euossfcn: unfocussed
eerallvn: unravelled
eetalnnm: unlamented
eeeidcvn: undeceived
eehlccnn: unclenched
eriadgbn: unabridged
eeertpnm: untempered
eetidnnn: unintended
euaassgn: unassuaged
eetuadcn: uneducated
eiolvvnn: uninvolved
eroopkvn: unprovoked
eerudbnn: unburdened
eeertthn: untethered
eeetpxcn: unexpected
eriofnnm: uninformed
eeetslcn: unselected
eioodlbn: unbloodied
eerogvnn: ungoverned
euosfcnn: unconfused
eerrtopn: unreported
euopghln: unploughed
eetashhn: unsheathed
eiiodfnm: unmodified
eeroasnn: unreasoned
eeridnnm: undermined
eetoslnm: unmolested
eeridhnn: unhindered
eroasbbn: unabsorbed
eeeerdnm: unredeemed
eiassgnn: unassigned
eeopdlxn: unexploded
eerubnnm: unnumbered
etoallcn: uncollated
eashklcn: unshackled
eeroscnn: uncensored
eiofcnnn: unconfined
eruasfcn: unsurfaced
etoafhnm: unfathomed
etuasdjn: unadjusted
eeisdhln: unshielded
eeerasln: unreleased
eetpaccn: unaccepted
ertuulcn: uncultured
ettaahcn: unattached
eetasfnn: unfastened
eeyoplnm: unemployed
eeeilvbn: unbelieved
eerradgn: unregarded
eriopadn: unparodied
eepadxnn: unexpanded
eeradlcn: undeclared
eruoafvn: unfavoured
eruoohnn: unhonoured
ertipscn: unscripted
ettiaann: unattained
eerpahnm: unhampered
eerttuxn: untextured
eiopshln: unpolished
qeeualln: unequalled
etipasbn: unbaptised
eerisdzn: undersized
eeeralvn: unrevealed
eriallvn: unrivalled
euiopccn: unoccupied
ertasdnn: understand
eerrofnm: unreformed
eertsssn: unstressed
eiiagnnm: unimagined
eriahcvn: unarchived
eeriifvn: unverified
eetifcnn: uninfected
ertuolbn: untroubled
eerrppan: unprepared
11
eyipasdln: undisplayed
erioasgnn: unorganised
eeeripcvn: unperceived
eeripssnm: unimpressed
etuiaslnn: uninsulated
qeuiiafln: unqualified
eiiidfgnn: undignified
etiiassfn: unsatisfied
etuiisfjn: unjustified
erttuaasn: unsaturated
eerisdgnn: undersigned
ettiocnmm: uncommitted
eetionnnm: unmentioned
eetoplcnm: uncompleted
eeerrashn: unrehearsed
etiiahbnn: uninhabited
eeallccnn: uncancelled
eriashvnn: unvarnished
etiiihbnn: uninhibited
ertiashnn: untarnished
eiiislcvn: uncivilised
eerassddn: unaddressed
eeruddfnn: underfunded
eerttulcn: uncluttered
eetupsscn: unsuspected
eeerpssxn: unexpressed
eeipalxnn: unexplained
eioccvnnn: unconvinced
etuoaccnn: unaccounted
eerripdcn: underpriced
eraslcbnm: unscrambled
eetioplxn: unexploited
eeroaddln: underloaded
euoacnnnn: unannounced
ertioonnm: unmonitored
eerrosdcn: underscored
eeropsscn: unprocessed
eerrtupbn: unperturbed
eruisfhnn: unfurnished
errtuopcn: uncorrupted
eerupasdn: unpersuaded
eerrtoccn: uncorrected
qeeruocnn: unconquered
erruodgnn: underground
eettoscnn: uncontested
eertipdcn: unpredicted
eeripdnnn: underpinned
eertypcnn: unencrypted
ettiaacvn: unactivated
eeriosnmm: unmemorised
ettiiagnm: unmitigated
etoaallcn: unallocated
ertuisdbn: undisturbed
erupasssn: unsurpassed
eetollccn: uncollected
eeerrsfhn: unrefreshed
eerrtahcn: unchartered
etiioslcn: unsolicited
eeishlbnm: unblemished
eertakcbn: unbracketed
ettiiiann: uninitiated
ertuoppsn: unsupported
erttiosdn: undistorted
werrtaann: unwarranted
eerttasdn: understated
erruipssn: unsurprised
eetuaalvn: unevaluated
eerttopcn: unprotected
eeroccnnn: unconcerned
etiiopsnm: unoptimised
eettoadnn: undetonated
eertopshl: upholstered
eiiafgnnm: unmagnified
eertocvnn: unconverted
eeruadlvn: undervalued
ettioavnm: unmotivated
ettuialnm: unmutilated
eeradnnnm: undermanned
etuoppaln: unpopulated
euiffllln: unfulfilled
eeeopdlvn: undeveloped
eeusdhlcn: unscheduled
eioasdgnn: undiagnosed
eriofcnnm: unconfirmed
eeiipsfcn: unspecified
eiossdlcn: undisclosed
ertashccn: unscratched
eeroodkcn: undercooked
euiissdgn: undisguised
ertipascn: unpractised
euipshlbn: unpublished
eertoadcn: undecorated
euiadjcnn: unjaundiced
eertuagln: unregulated
etiaadlvn: unvalidated
qeeertusn: unrequested
eeertflcn: unreflected
eeeridlvn: undelivered
ettoaannn: unannotated
eetoccnnn: unconnected
weeeetsnn: unsweetened
eerypadln: underplayed
12
euiisssdbn: unsubsidised
eeruppsssn: unsuppressed
eetttuaann: unattenuated
ertttuiabn: unattributed
eeropsscnm: uncompressed
eriipplcnn: unprincipled
eeropahcnn: unchaperoned
eertishcnn: unchristened
ertoollcnn: uncontrolled
etiiaaffln: unaffiliated
eeriolccnn: unreconciled
eertiagnnm: ungerminated
eeeerrfcnn: unreferenced
erttaaslnn: untranslated
eeerucbnnm: unencumbered
eiioohklln: unlikelihood
ettuiaslnm: unstimulated
eeerttisnn: uninterested
eeaghllcnn: unchallenged
euiipslcbn: unpublicised
etioallcnm: uncollimated
eertupagxn: unexpurgated
eeriipglvn: unprivileged
eriohlccnn: unchronicled
eiiisdhnnm: undiminished
weeerropdn: underpowered
eertasdffn: understaffed
eetiiidfnn: unidentified
eeruipssvn: unsupervised
eeertalcbn: uncelebrated
eertiisfln: unfertilised
eeriosdcvn: undiscovered
etuoaaglcn: uncatalogued
eerrttiscn: unrestricted
eertiasdvn: unadvertised
ertiaalcbn: uncalibrated
erttuoscbn: unobstructed
etioaasscn: unassociated
eettialvnn: unventilated
errttuuscn: unstructured
eertosdkcn: understocked
qeetuiosnn: unquestioned
eetypahhnn: unhyphenated
ettuialcvn: uncultivated
qeeertufnn: unfrequented
eerrtoalcn: uncorrelated
qetuiiafnn: unquantified
eertallnmm: untrammelled
eerrtiasnn: unrestrained
eiiassflcn: unclassified
eeriosdcnn: unconsidered
qetuiaacnn: unacquainted
eertiissln: unsterilised
eeruipdjcn: unprejudiced
eeuiflcnnn: uninfluenced
eerttiannm: unterminated
etiipassdn: undissipated
etuoasccnm: unaccustomed
eeertidnnm: undetermined
eeerrtisgn: unregistered
eetuodcnnm: undocumented
eeiashcnnm: unmechanised
eeeerrbnmm: unremembered
eeriosgcnn: unrecognised
ertuioashn: unauthorised
eerpaallln: unparalleled
eruoopcnnn: unpronounced
eiiipsflnm: unsimplified
qeuiashvnn: unvanquished
etiiaannnm: unmaintained
13
eiopaaccnnm: unaccompanied
eruiiscccnm: uncircumcised
eetiasshlbn: unestablished
etiiiiaslnn: uninitialised
eeertuaddcn: undereducated
erttuiisdbn: undistributed
eeeerrtpsnn: unrepresented
ertioascnnn: unconstrained
eerrttuipnn: uninterrupted
eeeertpdcnn: unprecedented
etttuuissbn: unsubstituted
erttuiaalcn: unarticulated
eeiipasslcn: unspecialised
ettiipaacnn: unanticipated
eertoasccnn: unconsecrated
eeetiplnnmm: unimplemented
eeerodcnnmm: unrecommended
errtoasfnnm: untransformed
eeetighlnnn: unenlightened
etiopalccnm: uncomplicated
ertiooadcnn: uncoordinated
erttuiaslln: unillustrated
eiiipsdlcnn: undisciplined
eertuipassn: unpasteurised
eertippaacn: unappreciated
eerttuaadln: unadulterated
etiioodcnnn: unconditioned
eeerrttipnn: uninterpreted
eertuiisdln: underutilised
eerruipsssn: unpressurised
14
eeriopasslnn: unpersonalised
eeerttipadnm: unpremeditated
eeerrrtiafgn: unrefrigerated
errtioopacnn: unincorporated
eertuoppadln: underpopulated
weeoadgklcnn: unacknowledged
eeerrropdfnm: underperformed
eettioasdcnm: undomesticated
eeeeropddlvn: underdeveloped
eeertiopdlxn: underexploited
eeerttiasdnm: underestimated
errrtoooacbn: uncorroborated
ettioaacnnnm: uncontaminated
eerruiosdhnn: undernourished
15
eetttuiaahcnn: unauthenticated
eeerriipdglvn: underprivileged
eerrttuosccnn: unreconstructed
ertiiiasdcnnm: undiscriminated
etuiiissdghnn: undistinguished
etttuiaassbnn: unsubstantiated
ettiiopasshcn: unsophisticated
16
eeerttiiadffnn: undifferentiated

ug
5
isn: using
6
upln: unplug
olcn: unclog
usnn: unsung
rign: urging
7
iodnn: undoing
tyinn: untying
yidnn: undying
wipsn: upswing
tiinn: uniting
8
ruipsn: usurping
eeisnn: unseeing
yiifnn: unifying
erishn: ushering
eroddn: underdog
riacnn: uncaring
rtipan: uprating
ialcnn: unlacing
iaknnm: unmaking
riipsn: uprising
rtiinn: untiring
tiaxnn: untaxing
iovnnm: unmoving
erttin: uttering
riipnm: umpiring
eidnnn: unending
tipadn: updating
iolvnn: unloving
errinn: unerring
iopcnm: upcoming
9
eiascnn: unceasing
eidbnnn: unbending
rtioopn: uprooting
iiaflnn: unfailing
iipkcnn: unpicking
eridlnn: underling
iopdhln: upholding
iislnnm: unsmiling
eiaslnn: unsealing
ripadgn: upgrading
ipakcnn: unpacking
eeiflnn: unfeeling
ttiifnn: unfitting
iiolcnn: uncoiling
tipasgn: upstaging
riollnn: unrolling
wiillnn: unwilling
iabnnnn: unbanning
wiidnnn: unwinding
ioadlnn: unloading
iodflnn: unfolding
wttiinn: unwitting
iippznn: unzipping
eiilvnn: unveiling
wioknnn: unknowing
iajnnmm: unjamming
ettipsn: upsetting
ioklcnn: unlocking
tiiisln: utilising
ruiflnn: unfurling
erivnnn: unnerving
tiipfln: uplifting
ryiavnn: unvarying
10
tiaskcnn: unstacking
ttiisnnn: unstinting
eiashlnn: unleashing
ertiahnn: unearthing
iaghcnnn: unchanging
eriodgnn: undergoing
eyiidfnn: unedifying
tiihknnn: unthinking
ioklcbnn: unblocking
ettislnn: unsettling
wrippann: unwrapping
ipaslcnn: unclasping
uiassnnm: unassuming
tiiivnnn: uninviting
riipgbnn: upbringing
tuiadlnn: undulating
werisvnn: unswerving
eiocbnnm: unbecoming
eyiidlnn: unyielding
iiahcnnn: unchaining
weriscnn: unscrewing
eipaslnn: unpleasing
weriavnn: unwavering
iiaalvnn: unavailing
iioglbnn: unobliging
erissdnn: undressing
eerifznn: unfreezing
eryidlnn: underlying
riipadbn: upbraiding
uiklcbnn: unbuckling
tiahlcnn: unlatching
iafgglnn: unflagging
tipasdnn: upstanding
iiklbnnn: unblinking
tiiskcnn: unsticking
etiixcnn: unexciting
rtiopsnn: unsporting
etiaxcnn: unexacting
uipgglnn: unplugging
riiasbnn: urbanising
eriocvnn: uncovering
tiaglnnn: untangling
11
eruidbnnn: unburdening
iaalcbnnn: unbalancing
eriidnnnm: undermining
ttuiobnnn: unbuttoning
ertiadknn: undertaking
riishknnn: unshrinking
riiopsnnm: unpromising
eeiilvbnn: unbelieving
eippaalnn: unappealing
eiaddnnnm: undemanding
eryipadnn: underpaying
etiasfnnn: unfastening
eriallvnn: unravelling
eertilnnn: unrelenting
eriidlnnn: underlining
werriadnn: unrewarding
iifhlcnnn: unflinching
erioasnnn: unreasoning
riiofgvnn: unforgiving
eerialvnn: unrevealing
weiolcnnm: unwelcoming
erttiinnm: unremitting
ertiissnn: unresisting
riiipsnnn: uninspiring
eihlccnnn: unclenching
eerisdvnn: undeserving
12
erriipdcnn: underpricing
eriisdcnnn: undiscerning
werrtiidnn: underwriting
eriipdnnnn: underpinning
tyiiassfnn: unsatisfying
etuipsscnn: unsuspecting
erttiaflnn: unflattering
eruiadlvnn: undervaluing
riaslcbnnm: unscrambling
iioccvnnnn: unconvincing
eertipdnnn: unpretending
ertioadcnn: undercoating
ettiiashnn: unhesitating
erttuidcnn: undercutting
etiippasnn: unappetising
erttiasdnn: understating
eruiddfnnn: underfunding
rruiipssnn: unsurprising
13
ertiodhlcnn: underclothing
qetuiiosnnn: unquestioning
iiopalcnnnm: uncomplaining
rtioofhcnnm: unforthcoming
ertiasddnnn: understanding
eeerrifcnnn: unreferencing
eerttiisnnn: uninteresting
14
eetiighlnnnn: unenlightening
eeriiadhcvnn: underachieving
riioopscnnmm: uncompromising
15
eeriopdhcnnnm: uncomprehending
eerttiiasdnnm: underestimating
eerioppssssnn: unprepossessing
tiooaadccnnmm: unaccommodating
16
rtiiiiasdcnnnm: undiscriminating

ua
4
er: urea
5
rtl: ultra
rbm: umbra
ulv: uvula
6
tiop: utopia
adgn: uganda
7
errth: urethra
8
eersdn: undersea
erllbm: umbrella
9
rrtiiac: urticaria

uc
8
eriohn: unheroic
10
eiipsfcn: unspecific
eioocnnm: uneconomic
eionnnmm: unmnemonic
eyiighnn: unhygienic
rtioannm: unromantic
rtioasln: ultrasonic
11
eettiashn: unaesthetic
erioognnm: unergonomic
ertiiasln: unrealistic
rttiiopan: unpatriotic
12
tiiopadlnm: undiplomatic
ertioadcnm: undemocratic
etiiisfcnn: unscientific
etioopagln: unapologetic
ettyiassnm: unsystematic
13
ertiopalbnm: unproblematic
rtiiaashcnm: uncharismatic
ettyipashnm: unsympathetic
14
ettuiiasshnn: unenthusiastic
16
errttiiaashccn: uncharacteristic

aa
3
h: aha
l: ala
g: aga
n: ana
4
ru: aura
qu: aqua
nn: anna
is: asia
gl: alga
ri: aria
er: area
5
ohl: aloha
rom: aroma
phl: alpha
rto: aorta
rog: agora
epn: apnea
ern: arena
rcc: accra
6
iacc: acacia
rakn: ankara
ignn: angina
tshm: asthma
ethn: athena
ealz: azalea
radm: armada
eopn: apnoea
rogn: angora
eobm: amoeba
racn: arcana
riab: arabia
eign: aegina
rifc: africa
edgn: agenda
askl: alaska
palc: alpaca
ttil: attila
ogln: angola
einm: anemia
rruo: aurora
7
ialbb: alibaba
eisnm: amnesia
ttaln: atlanta
uillv: alluvia
qruia: aquaria
edddn: addenda
affll: alfalfa
eodnm: adenoma
rophm: amphora
rtuis: austria
eianm: anaemia
etnnn: antenna
erglb: algebra
erinm: armenia
riozn: arizona
ericm: america
ialbn: albania
ryiss: assyria
ipash: aphasia
riadc: arcadia
ionmm: ammonia
aalbm: alabama
erigl: algeria
8
ropahn: anaphora
ttuoam: automata
eiglcn: angelica
riosbm: ambrosia
erioxn: anorexia
iiphbm: amphibia
yipshx: asphyxia
eiadcm: academia
etahnm: anathema
issscb: abscissa
oadcnn: anaconda
ioopgl: apologia
9
eiasgln: analgesia
10
rrtyihhm: arrhythmia
rtiipssd: aspidistra
11
eetiasshn: anaesthesia
rioopaghb: agoraphobia
eerroohnm: amenorrhoea
13
rioopahhcbn: arachnophobia

ac
3
r: arc
5
rui: auric
etz: aztec
tti: attic
odh: adhoc
ips: aspic
tin: antic
6
rtio: aortic
rtic: arctic
etic: acetic
iidc: acidic
riab: arabic
tiom: atomic
tion: atonic
einm: anemic
ionm: anomic
7
eilbm: alembic
iakll: alkalic
aalnm: almanac
iionn: anionic
ryilc: acrylic
eilll: allelic
ericb: acerbic
eianm: anaemic
eisnm: amnesic
erisn: arsenic
yilcc: acyclic
eigln: angelic
riahc: archaic
etisc: ascetic
eiobm: amoebic
eriob: aerobic
tiias: asiatic
etips: aseptic
qtuia: aquatic
8
rioscb: ascorbic
erticn: acentric
tiosgn: agnostic
eiasnm: amnesiac
ettihl: athletic
ttialn: atlantic
rttiis: artistic
tyialn: analytic
tuiosc: acoustic
riahcn: anarchic
tiionm: amniotic
ioalbn: anabolic
eiohcn: anechoic
eiadcm: academic
ttuiis: autistic
rtiosc: acrostic
erigll: allergic
tioanm: anatomic
erioxn: anorexic
rtioam: aromatic
9
tiioaxm: axiomatic
tioopsl: apostolic
ttiiosm: atomistic
ttiashm: asthmatic
ttuioam: automatic
ertioab: aerobatic
rtioacb: acrobatic
ettiish: atheistic
tuioonm: autonomic
eettish: aesthetic
ioohllc: alcoholic
riopahn: anaphoric
ettuihn: authentic
erioabn: anaerobic
ttiiasv: atavistic
eriaglb: algebraic
rrttiih: arthritic
eiasgln: analgesic
tiipahl: aliphatic
etiignn: antigenic
tiiaadb: adiabatic
eriiopd: aperiodic
rtiophn: anthropic
eryuidv: ayurvedic
ettipah: apathetic
10
ttiiiobn: antibiotic
rtioopll: allotropic
erttiihm: arithmetic
etttiihn: antithetic
rtiiopsh: aphoristic
ertyismm: asymmetric
rtioosnm: astronomic
ttyiopsm: asymptotic
ttiiasgm: astigmatic
rttuioac: autocratic
tttiiasn: antistatic
riopahnm: anamorphic
etioopgl: apologetic
etipahlb: alphabetic
ettiipsn: antiseptic
etiopplc: apoplectic
rtioahcm: achromatic
rttuiisl: altruistic
ertuioan: aeronautic
11
ertiopshm: atmospheric
rioopaghb: agoraphobic
tyioppalc: apocalyptic
riiopasdh: aphrodisiac
eryioadnm: aerodynamic
rtiioopsn: anisotropic
eettiashn: anaesthetic
rtiioghlm: algorithmic
rtiiashcn: anarchistic
12
ttyiopasmm: asymptomatic
etttiipahn: antipathetic
rtiaaagnmm: anagrammatic
eruipahlnm: alphanumeric
rrttiioasc: aristocratic
ttiioasgnn: antagonistic
13
erttiiohccn: architectonic
ertioopghnn: anthropogenic
erttyiisnmm: antisymmetric
rtiioashcnn: anachronistic
14
errttioophnm: anthropometric
15
rrtiooopphhnm: anthropomorphic
errttioophcnn: anthropocentric

ab
8
toobmm: atombomb
3
l: alb
4
ra: arab
5
idl: adlib
obm: abomb
6
rosd: adsorb
oplm: aplomb
erdv: adverb
rosb: absorb

ae
3
c: ace
b: abe
g: age
l: ale
p: ape
r: are
t: ate
w: awe
v: ave
y: aye
x: axe
4
ps: apse
ol: aloe
lb: able
bb: abbe
cm: acme
ri: aire
tn: ante
dz: adze
rc: acre
hc: ache
ug: ague
id: aide
lx: axle
cn: acne
5
odn: anode
rod: adore
ris: arise
oln: alone
ppl: apple
inm: amine
tab: abate
rif: afire
odb: abode, adobe
ros: arose
lbm: amble
wak: awake
usb: abuse
wra: aware
elb: abele
usm: amuse
adg: adage
idm: amide
ton: atone
wok: awoke
pag: agape
igl: agile
ddl: addle
rug: argue
ovb: above
asb: abase
plm: ample
tuc: acute
ikl: alike
ruz: azure
agl: algae
azm: amaze
gln: angle
iln: aline
kln: ankle
pac: apace
ilv: alive
erg: agree
isn: anise
isl: aisle
agv: agave
idb: abide
isd: aside
6
uiss: aussie
isdv: advise
idcv: advice
uplm: ampule
erta: aerate
ipln: alpine
erob: aerobe
yonn: anyone
rips: aspire
tuig: augite
pahc: apache
erpm: ampere
egvn: avenge
radc: arcade
ruos: arouse
ussm: assume
tuin: auntie
eopg: apogee
egll: allege
rucc: accrue
ralb: arable
ttus: astute
udll: allude
aflm: aflame
eipc: apiece
euvn: avenue
ticv: active
elll: allele
tiav: aviate
rudj: adjure
wihl: awhile
ttun: attune
rriv: arrive
uscc: accuse
russ: assure
uddc: adduce
rosh: ashore
rtti: attire
ersv: averse
edcc: accede
ridm: admire
alzb: ablaze
rull: allure
exnn: annexe
rujb: abjure
olcv: alcove
erdh: adhere
talb: ablate
racn: arcane
iffn: affine
7
eoabm: amoebae
eonnm: anemone
iisnn: asinine
ttahc: attache
qtuin: antique
eihcv: achieve
eragv: average
riacv: avarice
adcvn: advance
uassg: assuage
riiln: airline
wriav: airwave
uidlb: audible
afflb: affable
ridgb: abridge
oalbn: abalone
qruic: acquire
uisvb: abusive
eragc: acreage
yasln: analyse
ersdv: adverse
uipsc: auspice
rragn: arrange
topsl: apostle
eadcm: academe
iosgn: agonise
ertus: austere
rtisd: astride
etthl: athlete
escbn: absence
eppas: appease
rohlm: armhole
rruoa: aurorae
iilnn: aniline
ettac: acetate
ialbm: amiable
eidnn: adenine
riasb: airbase
ttiag: agitate
rtiim: airtime
ripps: apprise
rtilc: article
etocn: acetone
roppv: approve
tyolc: acolyte
rttis: artiste
iopsd: adipose
uddgj: adjudge
riscb: ascribe
rihcv: archive
weosm: awesome
tadnn: andante
ryonm: anymore
tiocn: aconite
ialnn: alanine
ttuac: actuate
yodnn: anodyne
tianm: animate
tuuoc: autocue
oslvb: absolve
etupm: amputee
askcn: askance
8
ttuidl: altitude
ettadn: antedate
etodcn: anecdote
toallc: allocate
ripasc: airspace
eisdhv: adhesive
ttopas: apostate
uocnnn: announce
rtiopn: atropine
rtipas: aspirate
tiopln: antilope
etialn: alienate
ypalcn: anyplace
ealbnm: amenable
ripaln: airplane
eyddhl: aldehyde
rriobn: airborne
ruaglb: arguable
weryhn: anywhere
ttuipd: aptitude
tiopps: apposite
esslbm: assemble
rrtuam: armature
euoshl: alehouse
quippl: applique
rtuacc: accurate
toadcv: advocate
tuoslb: absolute
erisdn: arsenide
eettsh: aesthete
iaklln: alkaline
ialcbm: amicable
ttoann: annotate
rriafm: airframe
rtiifc: artifice
rtiovb: abortive
rtaalc: alacarte
rudhkc: archduke
tialvb: ablative
tiopdv: adoptive
tttuid: attitude
etopln: antelope
quiiln: aquiline
ttuoam: automate
iaskll: alkalise
ttupam: amputate
tuiidv: auditive
erisvv: aversive
tiadcb: abdicate
tipadv: adaptive
uoagln: analogue
tiiddv: additive
eiaddl: adelaide
uppasl: applause
rippas: appraise
errtup: aperture
ttiacv: activate
eyacbn: abeyance
iallcn: alliance
ettipp: appetite
roadlb: adorable
rtussb: abstruse
euidcn: audience
eetsbn: absentee
iacbnm: ambiance
eipppl: applepie
tualbm: ambulate
eicbnm: ambience
riasvb: abrasive
qetuad: adequate
oadlcc: accolade
uisllv: allusive
rtiosm: amortise
rriofc: airforce
ttiodn: antidote
etannn: antennae
rtoagb: abrogate
9
rroagcn: arrogance
eppadgn: appendage
etppall: appellate
eerdhcn: adherence
ioasgln: analogise
rrtiagb: arbitrage
eerssdd: addressee
rtoopll: allotrope
rtoaslb: astrolabe
ippalcn: appliance
ertiffl: afterlife
woallcn: allowance
rtasddl: astraddle
ertyphc: archetype
etiallv: alleviate
eidcccn: accidence
iosdgln: alongside
etiffcv: affective
errtafc: aftercare
aahlcvn: avalanche
ruasscn: assurance
riadlbm: admirable
etidjcv: adjective
rtiohkc: artichoke
eropaln: aeroplane
tioassc: associate
eetylcn: acetylene
taadgvn: advantage
etttivn: attentive
etioppn: appointee
uadcbnn: abundance
eruigbn: aubergine
iaallvb: available
eropasc: aerospace
qeruasb: arabesque
iasdlvb: advisable
rtttuib: attribute
tuipdlm: amplitude
uasdcbm: ambuscade
erttaln: alternate
woalllb: allowable
ertisdv: advertise
rrttiab: arbitrate
tuiaslc: actualise
ertissv: assertive
eadlbnm: amendable
yoacnnn: annoyance
rtiohcn: anchorite
erttalc: altercate
roaghcn: anchorage
rtuadbm: adumbrate
ertudvn: adventure
tioabnm: abominate
ioadlvb: avoidable
ioopsgl: apologise
oasscnn: assonance
ioadcvn: avoidance
rtuiosh: authorise
rtuidxm: admixture
erroodm: aerodrome
tiiaffl: affiliate
ttyopsm: asymptote
ualcbnm: ambulance
ertaggg: aggregate
uosshlm: almshouse
tiiddcv: addictive
rtaaggv: aggravate
ertallb: alterable
qeuiscc: acquiesce
tpaadlb: adaptable
etttuan: attenuate
eeraglb: agreeable
rtiiscm: armistice
eufflcn: affluence
iassscb: abscissae
10
ertippac: appreciate
tuiaddjc: adjudicate
eassglbm: assemblage
iissdlbm: admissible
ertioalm: ameliorate
iassglbn: assignable
tuuionmm: autoimmune
rtttiacv: attractive
tioalcbn: actionable
erissggv: aggressive
taaaglmm: amalgamate
rttiahcn: anthracite
ttiadcnm: admittance
ioplcccm: accomplice
tiiahlnn: annihilate
ettuaccn: accentuate
tuiasccv: accusative
rrtiahcv: architrave
tiassscn: assistance
qruiaanm: aquamarine
riaslcbb: ascribable
rtiopsvb: absorptive
iaassllb: assailable
roadfflb: affordable
ttiaalbn: attainable
eiahlcvb: achievable
eiagllcn: allegiance
etiscbnn: abstinence
eertifzn: antifreeze
weraslbn: answerable
eisslccb: accessible
ettadcnn: attendance
yoppaslc: apocalypse
tyipashx: asphyxiate
errohcbn: abhorrence
erppaacn: appearance
ertopshm: atmosphere
eriadlnn: adrenaline
rtaadgvn: avantgarde
ttaahlcb: attachable
ttoopasl: apostolate
erttiall: alliterate
tiiasslm: assimilate
tuasdjlb: adjustable
tioasgnn: antagonise
ioalbbnm: abominable
tuioolbm: automobile
eiopsgln: anglepoise
ertipalc: altarpiece
ippallcb: applicable
rttuialc: articulate
ttuioovm: automotive
tuualccm: accumulate
ertasfhv: aftershave
roadcccn: accordance
rtooppsh: apostrophe
yaasllbn: analysable
ertttasf: aftertaste
ttiipacn: anticipate
eertalcc: accelerate
etpacccn: acceptance
easssslb: assessable
etpalccb: acceptable
erttuadl: adulterate
ertippcn: apprentice
ertiavbb: abbreviate
errtaslb: arrestable
11
qtuiiiscv: acquisitive
tiioasscv: associative
erippalcb: appreciable
tiippalcv: applicative
rtiiaffvm: affirmative
rtioppaxm: approximate
weodgklcn: acknowledge
eeosdlccn: adolescence
etipahnmm: amphetamine
eialcvbnm: ambivalence
tioosghln: anthologise
rrtuuiglc: agriculture
rtuuupccn: acupuncture
tyiolccnn: anticyclone
iiassllbm: assimilable
toaalllcb: allocatable
rtttuiivb: attributive
tiiaslccm: acclimatise
tiaassssn: assassinate
rrtiopppa: appropriate
qttuiaccn: acquittance
ettyishnm: amethystine
tooadccmm: accommodate
erttialvn: alternative
erraaglbn: arrangeable
tuoalccbn: accountable
erassddlb: addressable
eriosdhcc: archdiocese
12
rtttuialbb: attributable
erttipahhm: amphitheatre
qeeuiscccn: acquiescence
ettioaffcn: affectionate
rttiiasdnm: administrate
ertiippacv: appreciative
etttuiahcn: authenticate
eettiasshn: anaesthetise
eerippshvn: apprehensive
tuuialccvm: accumulative
roppaahlcb: approachable
qtuiaaccnn: acquaintance
erttiiallv: alliterative
ttiiipacvn: anticipative
errttuihcc: architecture
13
ertiaaslcbn: ascertainable
wtiiosklccn: anticlockwise
rtttuiioahv: authoritative
ttuiiagglvn: agglutinative
ertiopdccnn: accidentprone
erttuiagvnm: argumentative
14
rttiiiasdvnm: administrative

ad
3
i: aid
d: add
n: and
4
we: awed
eg: aged
ec: aced
ep: aped
im: amid
ex: axed
ic: acid
iv: avid
ri: arid
5
eah: ahead
iov: avoid
edd: added
wra: award
esk: asked
iph: aphid
enm: amend
eri: aired
etc: acted
eid: aided
erc: arced
erm: armed
uol: aloud
eim: aimed
ric: acrid
ehc: ached
6
eidb: abided
roff: afford
erod: adored
olnm: almond
escn: ascend
eiln: alined
eusb: abused
eill: allied
eazm: amazed
eogl: ageold
eusm: amused
erug: argued
eddl: addled
elbm: ambled
easb: abased
eifl: afield
egln: angled
ruon: around
weov: avowed
etab: abated
ettn: attend
riaf: afraid
erhc: arched
eton: atoned
rusb: absurd
eerg: agreed
eppn: append
roab: aboard, abroad
uobn: abound
rocc: accord
7
eedcc: acceded
erujb: abjured
tuosn: astound
eerdh: adhered
wwrak: awkward
oscbn: abscond
eippl: applied
erion: aneroid
rriia: airraid
eertv: averted
rabnm: armband
riodn: android
tiacn: antacid
ettun: attuned
eisdv: advised
euddc: adduced
ettub: abutted
wetia: awaited
eridm: admired
erips: aspired
ruogn: aground
erull: allured
eettb: abetted
eegvn: avenged
eiodv: avoided
eradb: abraded
eassm: amassed
eashm: ashamed
eralm: alarmed
werad: awarded
werro: arrowed
eruss: assured
weoll: allowed
eergn: angered
eashb: abashed
erodn: adorned
eyonn: annoyed
eerrv: averred
eiodn: adenoid
eiffx: affixed
euscc: accused
eruug: augured
eeahx: axehead
eudll: alluded
erriv: arrived
ertti: attired
eussm: assumed
errya: arrayed
eyall: allayed
etpad: adapted
eednm: amended
erucc: accrued
uppal: applaud
eialv: availed
eruos: aroused
etuid: audited
eeiln: aliened
eyoll: alloyed
eigln: aligned
eerta: aerated
ertob: aborted
eeisn: aniseed
eyass: assayed
eertl: alerted, altered
eexnn: annexed
eegll: alleged
etopd: adopted
8
erohcn: anchored
weersn: answered
ertoss: assorted
etusdj: adjusted
ettidm: admitted
eiassl: assailed
qeruic: acquired
eeragv: averaged
eripps: apprised
eiosdn: anodised
eroppv: approved
eridgb: abridged
eetssn: assented
etudcb: abducted
erragn: arranged
etiosm: atomised
eesscc: accessed
etionn: anointed
eetffc: affected
eertss: asserted
etuonm: amounted
eoslvb: absolved
eppall: appalled
eerppa: appeared
etiddc: addicted
erodff: afforded
ettian: attained
ettuac: actuated
eiosgn: agonised
weeakn: awakened
eertdv: adverted
riahcn: arachnid
eeislb: abseiled
eadcvn: advanced
etianm: animated
eeppdn: appended
ettoll: allotted
eullnn: annulled
ertilc: articled
ertuoh: authored
eeihcv: achieved
eetpcc: accepted
eealnn: annealed
qetuic: acquited
eettts: attested
eettdn: attended
eeppal: appealed
erruom: armoured
eerrts: arrested
eriscb: ascribed
euodbn: abounded
eyasln: analysed
etoscc: accosted
eiodjn: adjoined
etisss: assisted
eushbm: ambushed
euddgj: adjudged
eeppas: appeased
erihcv: archived
errohb: abhorred
etighl: alighted
eissgn: assigned
ioakll: alkaloid
ettakc: attacked
eetsbn: absented
ettahc: attached
ertios: asteroid
eriffm: affirmed
erodcc: accorded
eruscc: accursed
eessss: assessed
eetccn: accented
eesdcn: ascended
eriifl: airfield
ettiag: agitated
euassg: assuaged
erosdb: adsorbed
eertcc: accreted
erosbb: absorbed
9
eiiidfc: acidified
rioahcn: arachnoid
etoadcv: advocated
etuassl: assaulted
eoadbnn: abandoned
ettuoam: automated
euisghn: anguished
ettoann: annotated
ertiosm: amortised
eerssdd: addressed
rrtooph: arthropod
werrtaf: afterward
ertttac: attracted
ettiacv: activated
eiipflm: amplified
eeriggv: aggrieved
etiasbn: abstained
eruodjn: adjourned
eosdcbn: absconded
etioppn: appointed
etoallc: allocated
ertoagb: abrogated
eesslbm: assembled
etuoccn: accounted
etiadcb: abdicated
eetttpm: attempted
euppadl: applauded
euocnnn: announced
ertoffn: affronted
tuoodhl: adulthood
werroah: arrowhead
ertioph: atrophied
erioasf: aforesaid
etifflc: afflicted
eetugnm: augmented
qettuic: acquitted
erpasnm: ampersand
eioshlb: abolished
eetialn: alienated
ertipas: aspirated
eerpphn: apprehend
eialccm: acclaimed
ettupam: amputated
etuosdn: astounded
erippas: appraised
etuiocn: auctioned
ertiifl: airlifted
10
eertidcc: accredited
eeiodlbb: ablebodied
qettuian: antiquated
etioassc: associated
ertuadbm: adumbrated
ertttuib: attributed
eertaggg: aggregated
euiaslnn: annualised
qetuiacn: acquainted
eioopsgl: apologised
etiosshn: astonished
etaadgvn: advantaged
ertaaggv: aggravated
eertisdv: advertised
rtioophn: anthropoid
etuiaslc: actualised
etuiiodn: auditioned
eerttaln: alternated
eertosff: afforested
eertissk: asterisked
etiiaffl: affiliated
etioabnm: abominated
erttascb: abstracted
eetiallv: alleviated
eertudvn: adventured
eetttuan: attenuated
ertuiosh: authorised
etuosccm: accustomed
eerppall: apparelled
eroppahc: approached
errttiab: arbitrated
qeeuiscc: acquiesced
eiosdhnm: admonished
11
eeerppdhn: apprehended
etuiaddjc: adjudicated
eertiascn: ascertained
etaaaglmm: amalgamated
etioasgnn: antagonised
eettuaccn: accentuated
eertippan: appertained
ertuopagh: autographed
eertiavbb: abbreviated
eertippcn: apprenticed
eerttuadl: adulterated
eertippac: appreciated
ertiooppn: apportioned
etiiasslm: assimilated
eeertalcc: accelerated
etiiahlnn: annihilated
eertioalm: ameliorated
ettiipacn: anticipated
etyipashx: asphyxiated
etuualccm: accumulated
erttuialc: articulated
eerttiall: alliterated
eiopaccnm: accompanied
12
etiiaslccm: acclimatised
weeodgklcn: acknowledged
eertoagglm: agglomerated
etioosghln: anthologised
ertioppaxm: approximated
errtiopppa: appropriated
etiaassssn: assassinated
errtuopalm: armourplated
eiopshlccm: accomplished
etooadccmm: accommodated
eertiisdnm: administered
eetisdbnnm: absentminded
13
eetttuiahcn: authenticated
erttiiasdnm: administrated
eeettiasshn: anaesthetised
ertiooppssh: apostrophised
14
ertiiioodcnn: airconditioned
eeertioofnnm: aforementioned

ag
4
og: agog
5
ign: aging
ipn: aping
ixn: axing
oln: along
onm: among
6
iddn: adding
ihcn: aching
iinm: aiming
ricn: arcing
rinm: arming
iskn: asking
winn: awning
eign: ageing
riin: airing
iiln: ailing
iidn: aiding
ticn: acting
7
iglnn: angling
riisn: arising
wiakn: awaking
iilnn: alining
ruign: arguing
wiovn: avowing
riodn: adoring
tionn: atoning
iaznm: amazing
iidbn: abiding
uisbn: abusing
ilbnm: ambling
rihcn: arching
yilln: allying
iddln: addling
uisnm: amusing
8
eiilnn: aliening
iiodvn: avoiding
eerign: agreeing
wiolln: allowing
ertivn: averting
ertian: aerating
riipsn: aspiring
tuiidn: auditing
ruissn: assuring
eigvnn: avenging
errivn: averring
riodnn: adorning
uissnm: assuming
tiopdn: adopting
yippln: applying
tyihnn: anything
uidlln: alluding
uiddcn: adducing
ertiln: alerting, altering
ttuibn: abutting
iiglnn: aligning
eixnnn: annexing
eidnnm: amending
ruiccn: accruing
wriadn: awarding
tipadn: adapting
rialnm: alarming
rryian: arraying
iialvn: availing
erignn: angering
rtiobn: aborting
iiffxn: affixing
tialbn: ablating
wrrion: arrowing
iisdvn: advising
iassnm: amassing
ruilln: alluring
uisccn: accusing
eidccn: acceding
yiolln: alloying
wtiian: awaiting
riidnm: admiring
yionnn: annoying
yialln: allaying
rriivn: arriving
ruiosn: arousing
ettibn: abetting
riadcn: arcading
rttiin: attiring
eiglln: alleging
quualn: aqualung
eridhn: adhering
9
eialnnn: annealing
riosbbn: absorbing
eissssn: assessing
riihcvn: archiving
eisdcnn: ascending
iadcvnn: advancing
etipccn: accepting
etissnn: assenting
rriagnn: arranging
yiaslnn: analysing
etttisn: attesting
ttiiagn: agitating
uiodbnn: abounding
ttiolln: allotting
eippaln: appealing
eippasn: appeasing
tuisdjn: adjusting
tuionnm: amounting
weiaknn: awakening
ttuiacn: actuating
tiisssn: assisting
riiscbn: ascribing
iiassln: assailing
ioslvbn: absolving
rtuiohn: authoring
iiodjnn: adjoining
etiffcn: affecting
riodccn: according
tuidcbn: abducting
ttiiann: attaining
ttiahcn: attaching
eiihcvn: achieving
riippsn: apprising
uillnnn: annulling
etisbnn: absenting
ettidnn: attending
uishbnm: ambushing
eticcnn: accenting
eriagvn: averaging
ertissn: asserting
rioppvn: approving
ttiidnm: admitting
ippalln: appalling
tiosccn: accosting
iiosgnn: agonising
tiighln: alighting
riidgbn: abridging
werisnn: answering
riohcnn: anchoring
eissccn: accessing
riiffnm: affirming
riodffn: affording
iissgnn: assigning
eiislbn: abseiling
erippan: appearing
uiassgn: assuaging
ttiakcn: attacking
tiionnn: anointing
qruiicn: acquiring
errtisn: arresting
tiiannm: animating
eippdnn: appending
10
rtiiifln: airlifting
ttuioanm: automating
tioadcvn: advocating
etttipnm: attempting
ttuipanm: amputating
ttioannn: annotating
ttiiacvn: activating
rtttiacn: attracting
tioallcn: allocating
qttuiicn: acquitting
rtioagbn: abrogating
tuioccnn: accounting
etuignnm: augmenting
ettiadnn: antedating
ruiodjnn: adjourning
tiioppnn: appointing
etiialnn: alienating
tiiasbnn: abstaining
riippasn: appraising
etiippsn: appetising
tuiiocnn: auctioning
eisslbnm: assembling
rtiipasn: aspirating
uiocnnnn: announcing
iosdcbnn: absconding
tiiadcbn: abdicating
tuiosdnn: astounding
iioshlbn: abolishing
tiifflcn: afflicting
rtyiophn: atrophying
yiiidfcn: acidifying
erissddn: addressing
uippadln: applauding
tuiassln: assaulting
yiipflnm: amplifying
11
etiiallvn: alleviating
ertiidccn: accrediting
etttuiann: attenuating
tuiiiodnn: auditioning
tiiiaffln: affiliating
tiioasscn: associating
rtiaaggvn: aggravating
iioopsgln: apologising
erttialnn: alternating
ertuidvnn: adventuring
qtuiiacnn: acquainting
rtuiadbnm: adumbrating
rrttiiabn: arbitrating
tiiosshnn: astonishing
iaahlcvnn: avalanching
ertiagggn: aggregating
rioppahcn: approaching
tuiosccnm: accustoming
ertiisdvn: advertising
rttiascbn: abstracting
errioakbn: aerobraking
iiosdhnnm: admonishing
rtuiioshn: authorising
rtttuiibn: attributing
qeuiisccn: acquiescing
12
eerippdhnn: apprehending
rttuiialcn: articulating
eertialccn: accelerating
ertiiascnn: ascertaining
tuuialccnm: accumulating
yiopaccnnm: accompanying
erttuiadln: adulterating
ertiippacn: appreciating
tiiiahlnnn: annihilating
tiaaaglnmm: amalgamating
rtiiooppnn: apportioning
tuiiaddjcn: adjudicating
ertiiavbbn: abbreviating
ettuiaccnn: accentuating
ttiiipacnn: anticipating
rtuiopaghn: autographing
erttiialln: alliterating
tiiioasxnm: axiomatising
ertiippann: appertaining
tiiiasslnm: assimilating
ertiioalnm: ameliorating
tiioasgnnn: antagonising
13
tiooadccnmm: accommodating
rtiioppaxnm: approximating
tiiiaslccnm: acclimatising
weiodgklcnn: acknowledging
tiiaassssnn: assassinating
ertiiisdnnm: administering
ertioagglnm: agglomerating
rrtiiopppan: appropriating
iiopshlccnm: accomplishing
14
etttuiiahcnn: authenticating
eettiiasshnn: anaesthetising
rttiiiasdnnm: administrating
15
rtiiiioodcnnn: airconditioning
18
rrtiioooppshhnnm: anthropomorphising

af
8
wroadl: aardwolf
ertiip: aperitif
5
ool: aloof

ai
4
tn: anti
5
ilb: alibi
6
ulnm: alumni
ulnn: annuli
akll: alkali
tuog: agouti
7
eassg: assegai
afghn: afghani
eollv: alveoli
ergll: allegri
rriop: apriori

ah
2
: ah
3
s: ash
4
rc: arch
5
asb: abash
was: awash
ips: apish
6
usbm: ambush
ttac: attach
ersf: afresh
7
tuizm: azimuth
ioslb: abolish
taafl: alfatah
uisgn: anguish
8
tuoghl: although
rruisb: airbrush
iosdnm: admonish
tiossn: astonish
roppac: approach
9
rtuopag: autograph
erttafm: aftermath
10
iopslccm: accomplish
ertuiasm: amateurish
errttifb: afterbirth

ak
3
s: ask
r: ark
u: auk
4
om: amok
ra: arak
5
acb: aback
ucm: amuck
alc: alack
6
ttac: attack
roan: anorak
7
riolc: airlock
wrrto: artwork
riisc: airsick
8
rraadv: aardvark
ertiss: asterisk
9
wertusc: awestruck
11
rtippaahc: apparatchik

am
2
: am
3
i: aim
r: arm
4
ul: alum
to: atom
ad: adam
ru: arum
eh: ahem
5
ulb: album
ral: alarm
eab: abeam
iox: axiom
6
eisg: ageism
ethn: anthem
yusl: asylum
tuis: autism
yonn: anonym
eagl: agleam
riff: affirm
rtun: antrum
oolb: abloom
rtui: atrium
7
tyonn: antonym
raahb: abraham
ryocn: acronym
aaglm: amalgam
tiasv: atavism
ialcc: acclaim
raagn: anagram
iisnm: animism
etish: atheism
8
tiiscv: activism
riaslm: alarmism
eryusn: aneurysm
rtuisl: altruism
iislbn: albinism
riopsh: aphorism
tuoscc: accustom
riashc: archaism
qruuia: aquarium
uuilnm: aluminum
uuillv: alluvium
eudddn: addendum
uionmm: ammonium
ertoon: anteroom
9
eruiicm: americium
uuiilnm: aluminium
rtioghl: algorithm
errtuob: arboretum
errtias: airstream
riashcn: anarchism
10
rtuuiiod: auditorium
etiisscc: asceticism
ertuiasm: amateurism
tioasgnn: antagonism
iooshllc: alcoholism
tuiosslb: absolutism
11
ttiiassgm: astigmatism
rioashcnn: anachronism
ertuisdvn: adventurism
tiiossgcn: agnosticism
eeetissbn: absenteeism
ettiishlc: athleticism
12
rtuioopshm: automorphism
eettiisshc: aestheticism
14
qrtuiiiaasnn: antiquarianism
16
rrttuiiioaashn: authoritarianism
rrtioooppshhnm: anthropomorphism

al
3
i: ail
l: all
4
wo: awol
an: anal
in: anil
eb: abel
5
ppa: appal
agl: algal
iax: axial
ivn: anvil
rua: aural
wuf: awful
rip: april
ykl: alkyl
egn: angel
tol: atoll
iav: avail
ann: annal
unn: annul
era: areal
6
iass: assail
eppa: appeal
rtuf: artful
rufm: armful
eisb: abseil
eann: anneal
rtia: atrial
tuac: actual
etac: acetal
rtas: astral
woav: avowal
uann: annual
roam: amoral
toan: atonal
rtan: antral
ianm: animal
eria: aerial
7
toolx: axolotl
eroos: aerosol
iagnn: anginal
yasbm: abysmal
rruoa: auroral
erasn: arsenal
erppa: apparel
uascc: accusal
ruoas: arousal
rriav: arrival
oohlc: alcohol
ruacc: accrual
riadm: admiral
eradn: adrenal
euasx: asexual
yassb: abyssal
ioasc: asocial
rtuas: austral
riiam: airmail
8
tyipac: atypical
rrtiab: arbitral
roabnm: abnormal
tuuanm: autumnal
erroab: arboreal
errtia: arterial
erioof: aerofoil
riahcv: archival
roppav: approval
uiallv: alluvial
9
qttuiac: acquittal
eraghcn: archangel
tuiahzm: azimuthal
ertascn: ancestral
rtuiaac: actuarial
rippaas: appraisal
ioadbnm: abdominal
ettaann: antenatal
rtiiavn: antiviral
rtuioah: authorial
etoadcn: anecdotal
eriadvb: adverbial
10
tyiaalcn: analytical
tiioascn: antisocial
tuioascc: acoustical
ryoppahc: apocryphal
ertypahc: archetypal
riioagbn: aboriginal
etiadjcv: adjectival
etiadccn: accidental
eiahlccm: alchemical
rtiiiafc: artificial
eiaadccm: academical
tiiopalc: apolitical
tiioaddn: additional
riaahccn: anarchical
tioaacnm: anatomical
ioaaglcn: analogical
11
erriaasdv: adversarial
eriaaglcb: algebraical
erttuaafc: artefactual
uuiioasdv: audiovisual
tttuiiadn: attitudinal
etttioann: attentional
erioagllc: allegorical
rtttiioan: attritional
12
etipaahlcb: alphabetical
ertyiascmm: asymmetrical
rrtuuiaglc: agricultural
ertyipahcc: archetypical
erioaghccm: agrochemical
erttiiahcm: arithmetical
rtiooascnm: astronomical
ertuioaacn: aeronautical
rtiiopaasn: aspirational
rtiooasglc: astrological
etttiiahcn: antithetical
13
tiiooaasscn: associational
rttuioaascn: astronautical
rtyiopasshc: astrophysical
rioaaassdbm: ambassadorial
errttuiahcc: architectural
14
eriooaaghlcc: archaeological
15
rtiooopaghlcn: anthropological
16
rtuiioopaaghcb: autobiographical
18
ttttuiiiooascnnn: anticonstitutional

ao
3
d: ado
g: ago
4
mm: ammo
tu: auto
tl: alto
rf: afro
sl: also
ig: agio
5
inm: amino
igm: amigo
uid: audio
rpp: appro
6
opll: apollo
ilbn: albino
iadg: adagio
ikbm: akimbo
7
oadcv: avocado
ergll: allegro
8
upalcc: acapulco
eertgl: alterego
9
riadllm: armadillo
11
eripaghlc: archipelago

an
2
: an
3
w: awn
4
em: amen
on: anon
eo: aeon
ed: aden
ik: akin
ox: axon
5
rog: argon
igl: align
amm: amman
ipa: apian
roa: aaron
iag: again
roc: acorn
rod: adorn
iav: avian
edm: admen
ros: arson
ion: anion
idm: admin
rop: apron
adm: adman
was: aswan
eil: alien
ias: asian
esh: ashen
6
issg: assign
ruig: airgun
ishb: ashbin
iodj: adjoin
weak: awaken
ridl: aldrin
tuum: autumn
eris: arisen
eucm: acumen
epam: apeman
weok: awoken
ruub: auburn
erim: airmen
afgh: afghan
erts: astern
oazm: amazon
tioc: action
ttia: attain
riam: airman
eeag: aegean
eaxm: axeman
7
riips: aspirin
uilbm: albumin
eodbm: abdomen
eulbm: albumen
etign: antigen
iaddl: aladdin
eioal: aeolian
aaghk: agakhan
oadbn: abandon
iagln: anglian
ruodj: adjourn
riafc: african
rtias: artisan
aaskl: alaskan
eriol: aileron
riaab: arabian
oagln: angolan
iadjb: abidjan
tiasb: abstain
tuioc: auction
tioln: antlion
8
uioslv: avulsion
eriagl: algerian
eradlm: alderman
eiosdh: adhesion
tuoahb: autobahn
iaglcn: anglican
uiosll: allusion
rtioob: abortion
tiioav: aviation
tuiiod: audition
riiadc: acidrain
eriacm: american
tioopd: adoption
rioasb: abrasion
iassss: assassin
ryiass: assyrian
eerdlm: aldermen
eriosv: aversion
tioalb: ablation
eiophl: aphelion
rriaag: agrarian
eeerdb: aberdeen
tiiobm: ambition
eergll: allergen
tuiolb: ablution
ertioa: aeration
tiiodd: addition
9
rtttiio: attrition
ertippa: appertain
ertioss: assertion
eriopss: aspersion
rtioopp: apportion
etioffc: affection
ttiioag: agitation
rtiooad: adoration
ttuioac: actuation
tuiodcb: abduction
eiosscn: ascension
iiossdm: admission
iipahbm: amphibian
etttion: attention
eiosscc: accession
ertiocc: accretion
ertiasc: ascertain
ttuooam: automaton
ertoofn: afternoon
tiioanm: animation
tiioddc: addiction
tuioadl: adulation
rioodcc: accordion
eriadln: adrenalin
tiioolb: abolition
10
rtiiopsc: ascription
rtiooagb: abrogation
eriossgg: aggression
rtiioadm: admiration
etioaxnn: annexation
tiiofflc: affliction
tuioascc: accusation
rtuiaasl: australian
etiioaln: alienation
etioagll: allegation
tuiooslb: absolution
tuiopssm: assumption
erttioal: alteration
eroadhcc: archdeacon
rtiiopas: aspiration
ttiioacv: activation
rtiioppa: apparition
rtioopsd: adsorption
rtioopsb: absorption
etioagbn: abnegation
tiioopps: apposition
ttuiooam: automation
tiooallc: allocation
tiioadcb: abdication
tuiionmm: ammunition
tiioodnm: admonition
ettiosbn: abstention
ttuiopam: amputation
rtttioac: attraction
errtioab: aberration
ttiooann: annotation
ttiopaad: adaptation
11
ertioaggg: aggregation
qtuiiiosc: acquisition
rttioascb: abstraction
tiiooassc: association
rtttuiiob: attribution
tioaalccm: acclamation
rtioaaggv: aggravation
rtiioaffm: affirmation
ettioaffc: affectation
tiiooabnm: abomination
tiiioaffl: affiliation
erttioaln: alternation
erttioalc: altercation
etiioallv: alleviation
eiiaadccm: academician
qrtuiiaan: antiquarian
rtiooppab: approbation
ttiiooasm: atomisation
tiioassgn: assignation
etttuioan: attenuation
tiioppalc: application
etioppall: appellation
rrttiioab: arbitration
ettttioas: attestation
12
tuuioalccm: accumulation
ertiiooalm: amelioration
ettuioagnm: augmentation
tiiioahlnn: annihilation
ttuiiioogn: autoignition
erttiioall: alliteration
tuiioacnnn: annunciation
ertiioavbb: abbreviation
ertiioppac: appreciation
eertioalcc: acceleration
etuiiadlvn: antediluvian
ttiiiopacn: anticipation
tuiioaddjc: adjudication
erttuioadl: adulteration
rttiiooasm: amortisation
rttuiioalc: articulation
tyiiopashx: asphyxiation
eerioppshn: apprehension
tiiioasslm: assimilation
tioaaaglmm: amalgamation
ettuioaccn: accentuation
13
ttuiioaaslc: actualisation
tiiiioadfcc: acidification
erttiioadcc: accreditation
rrtiioopppa: appropriation
tiioaassssn: assassination
tioooadccmm: accommodation
erttuioagnm: argumentation
rttuiiooash: authorisation
rtiiooppaxm: approximation
rrttuiioaah: authoritarian
ertiooagglm: agglomeration
tiiiopaflcm: amplification
erttiooasff: afforestation
14
ettuuioossgg: autosuggestion
etttuiioahcn: authentication
rttiiioasdnm: administration
15
ttiiioaaslccm: acclimatisation

ap
3
s: asp
m: amp
l: alp
4
to: atop
5
eos: aesop
6
eesl: asleep
7
riish: airship
wertn: antwerp
8
rrtiis: airstrip
rtiopg: agitprop
10
eeiaddcm: aidedecamp
rtuioshh: authorship
rioshhcb: archbishop
11
eeiasddcm: aidesdecamp
13
etiioassshc: associateship
14
eertiippshcn: apprenticeship

as
2
: as
3
s: ass
4
el: ales
ix: axis
ip: apis
eg: ages
al: alas
ec: aces
im: aims
il: ails
ep: apes
rt: arts
ps: asps
lm: alms
id: aids
tn: ants
tl: alts
rc: arcs
rm: arms
ri: airs
pl: alps
rk: arks
dd: adds
wl: awls
tc: acts
sk: asks
un: anus
uk: auks
pm: amps
ex: axes
5
rab: arabs
edn: andes
rak: araks
rof: afros
eps: apses
ips: apsis
tal: atlas
ria: arias
ial: alias
ess: asses
enm: amens
elx: axles
ehc: aches
tom: atoms
eid: aides
eig: aegis
rua: auras
rug: argus
tun: aunts
iod: adios
asm: amass
erv: avers
evn: avens
ysb: abyss
eon: aeons
eol: aloes
etb: abets
oxn: axons
eib: abies
era: areas
ism: amiss
erc: acers, acres
esh: ashes
idc: acids
6
eisd: asides
erod: adores
eisl: aisles
wrro: arrows
eton: atones
ttic: attics
eroz: azores
tobb: abbots
ipdh: aphids
ioxm: axioms
ruib: airbus
eerg: agrees
rosc: across
etgn: agents
tudl: adults
ergn: angers
rtoc: actors
rtob: aborts
rtoa: aortas
etab: abates
wrad: awards
ulnn: annuls
aann: ananas
euid: adieus
erhc: arches
ticn: antics
rocn: acorns
yall: allays
ertl: alerts, alters
etpd: adepts
yoll: alloys
tpad: adapts
tuid: audits
rrya: arrays
ertv: averts
iasn: asians
erts: asters
alnn: annals
rohb: abhors
yass: assays
ralm: alarms
egln: angels, angles
toll: allots, atolls
eodb: abodes
erug: argues, augers
eodn: anodes
ekln: ankles
weak: awakes
iilb: alibis
roam: aromas
woll: allows
eybb: abbeys
eadg: adages
uplm: ampuls
yonn: annoys
ednm: amends
einm: amines
eddl: addles
elbm: ambles
ppal: appals
ethn: athens
igln: aligns
ersk: askers
etss: assets
eagv: agaves
ulbm: albums
eyll: alleys
wtia: awaits
uacb: abacus
eppl: apples
idlb: adlibs
wyal: always
erdd: adders
ropn: aprons
escc: access
eidb: abides
rodn: adorns
eran: arenas
eris: arises
eiln: aliens, alines
eusb: abuses
eill: allies
erim: armies
ialv: avails
pahl: alphas
tidm: admits
eazm: amazes
erid: aiders
ionn: anions
eusm: amuses
iggn: agings
ruom: amours
rtal: altars
esss: assess
esbb: abbess
uinm: animus
topd: adopts
iodn: adonis
etzc: aztecs
ilvn: anvils
ruug: augurs
iodv: avoids
7
paalc: alpacas
eadgn: agendas
eerdh: adheres
eticv: actives
rohcn: anchors
ruoom: amorous
euiss: aussies
ertsl: artless
ertsc: actress
rttis: artists
epahc: apaches
eugln: angelus
eridm: admires
errhc: archers
ertss: asserts
riign: airings
rruoa: auroras
rodcc: accords
iodjn: adjoins
eissz: assizes
eiffx: affixes
tudcb: abducts
eudll: alludes
errts: arrests
erdvb: adverbs
eippl: applies
toscc: accosts
esdcn: ascends
roakn: anoraks
erigl: algiers
rtipm: armpits
woalv: avowals
etasl: atlases
eppdn: appends
eyssb: abysses
ertdv: adverts
rosbb: absorbs
ertln: antlers
ertlm: armlets
ighcn: achings
eidcv: advices
erisl: airless
wryia: airways
etccn: accents
erull: allures
eradc: arcades
eegvn: avenges
eassm: amasses
ttakc: attacks
eesgl: ageless
tigcn: actings
ruuod: arduous
eiasl: aliases
erras: arrases
ttian: attains
wignn: awnings
erriv: arrives
etuin: aunties
iassl: assails
odlnm: almonds
euplm: ampules
eruos: arouses
ialnm: animals
euddc: adduces
errra: arrears
eerta: aerates
uioxn: anxious
ishbn: ashbins
roopp: apropos
rodff: affords
wersn: answers
ettdn: attends
tuunm: autumns
etdvn: advents
uodbn: abounds
oaznm: amazons
eiogn: agonies
tusdj: adjusts
eerob: aerobes
etulm: amulets
rtuoh: authors
weakn: awakens
roagn: angoras
eaalz: azaleas
eeuvn: avenues
etalb: ablates
etssn: assents
issgn: assigns
etpsn: aptness
iakll: alkalis
errod: adorers
etscn: ascents
esscb: abscess
eakln: alkanes
ethnm: anthems
erips: aspires
ruflm: armfuls
etffc: affects
yonnm: anonyms
tiocn: actions
weesl: aweless
eegll: alleges
eiggn: ageings
eislm: aimless
etpcc: accepts
eislb: abseils
eppal: appeals
yuslm: asylums
tionn: anoints
tiddc: addicts
qtuic: acquits
uulnm: alumnus
uulnn: annulus
eisdv: advises
erslm: armless
tighl: alights
erppa: appears
errug: arguers
eerip: aperies
ersdd: address
qeuuo: aqueous
eolcv: alcoves
eelll: alleles
eruss: assures
riffm: affirms
raadm: armadas
etpsc: aspects
erusb: abusers
wyyan: anyways
euscc: accuses
afghn: afghans
tuonm: amounts
ergln: anglers
eussm: assumes
ruipa: aupairs
etihc: aitches
ettts: attests
erucc: accrues
ashcn: ashcans
etkln: anklets
ualnn: annuals
tisss: assists
eerpm: amperes
riaff: affairs
erial: aerials
eexnn: annexes
8
eudgnm: agendums
erridm: admirers
euipsc: auspices
rioklc: airlocks
eriiln: airlines
eroosl: aerosols
etossb: asbestos
oohllc: alcohols
eeonnm: anemones
tuassl: assaults
tuuusg: augustus
erohlm: armholes
ruodjn: adjourns
etianm: animates
eerrdh: adherers
eioddn: adenoids
qetuic: acquites
errtib: arbiters
qetuin: antiques
eyasln: analyses
qeruif: aquifers
rtiifl: airlifts
qeruic: acquires
eeppas: appeases
eertmm: ammeters
weriav: airwaves
riipsh: airships
eroppv: approves
etopsl: apostles
ialccm: acclaims
uaslcc: accusals
ettiag: agitates
etannn: antennas
rrialv: arrivals
raaskn: arkansas
eescbn: absences
tifflc: afflicts
oaglnn: angolans
riipsn: aspirins
rrtiop: airports
eettac: acetates
rtoffn: affronts
tyasln: analysts
eriscb: ascribes
ertilc: articles
tioppn: appoints
eadcvn: advances
eetthl: athletes
eessss: assesses
riadlm: admirals
eeihcv: achieves
ttuoam: automats
wryahc: archways
etugnm: augments
ryocnm: acronyms
eeragv: averages
eushbm: ambushes
euddgj: adjudges
uppadl: applauds
rioddn: androids
raagnm: anagrams
aaglmm: amalgams
eerrti: arteries
eruscc: accusers
aalcnm: almanacs
rtopad: adaptors
etiscc: ascetics
ryilcc: acrylics
ettish: atheists
erioln: ailerons
ruoasl: arousals
eoadnm: adenomas
eoslvb: absolves
ettahc: attaches
ettuac: actuates
eiosgn: agonises
qtuiac: aquatics
rtiasn: artisans
osdcbn: absconds
ertuam: amateurs
etyolc: acolytes
eriiav: aviaries
wrrtok: artworks
eriipa: apiaries
rtuiod: auditors
tiosgn: agonists
rtoacb: acrobats
tyonnm: antonyms
etilnm: ailments
erihcv: archives
oadbnn: abandons
yiasln: analysis
euoplm: ampoules
eeadhx: axeheads
eetupm: amputees
eeisdn: aniseeds
ttialn: atlantis
werric: aircrews
eryonn: annoyers
riafcn: africans
euassg: assuages
eticnn: ancients
rtiopc: apricots
etttpm: attempts
erisdv: advisers
erttis: artistes
eesscc: accesses
tuoccn: accounts
tiasbn: abstains
erisdn: aridness
rtioav: aviators
riaabn: arabians
etignn: antigens
ershcn: archness
tiolnn: antlions
eriocb: aerobics
tuosdn: astounds
eergvn: avengers
rtyash: ashtrays
tiisnm: animists
iiocvn: avionics
tiadcn: antacids
eiassg: assegais
eeigcn: agencies
radbnm: armbands
eraglb: algebras
erragn: arranges
rtttac: attracts
qtuiol: aliquots
rualcc: accruals
tuahcn: acanthus
ertpad: adapters
tuiocn: auctions
eodbnm: abdomens
erasln: arsenals
eriisn: airiness
tudjcn: adjuncts
9
etuiops: autopsies
eetopln: antelopes
eryasln: analysers
euocnnn: announces
eerssdd: addresses
rtoaslb: albatross
eetuscn: acuteness
ruoophm: amorphous
eioopgl: apologies
eertsln: alertness
ettopas: apostates
rtioacm: aromatics
rioasbn: abrasions
tuoahbn: autobahns
etoallc: allocates
uioslln: allusions
rttioab: abattoirs
rttioag: agitators
erttyon: attorneys
ertidcc: accredits
riopshm: aphorisms
eeuidcn: audiences
ttiiscv: activists
rtioanm: animators
weyyall: alleyways
rrttiih: arthritis
eeettdn: attendees
ettuidl: altitudes
eiosdhn: adhesions
rttuoac: actuators, autocrats
eettadn: antedates
rriahcm: armchairs
eetialn: alienates
etiidcn: actinides
eeyddhl: aldehydes
errruom: armourers
tiosgcn: agnostics
rtosgnm: angstroms
eertdhn: adherents
riashcm: archaisms
ertoscn: ancestors
etuiinn: annuities
rrtiips: airstrips
iassscb: abscissas
eerglln: allergens
etoadcv: advocates
rtuppaa: apparatus
ertanmm: armaments
eettipp: appetites
tiiobnm: ambitions
etidccn: accidents
euisghn: anguishes
etiiddv: additives
eetisnm: amnesties
rtioscc: acrostics
oaadcnn: anacondas
eriasvb: abrasives
yuoonnm: anonymous
qetuudc: aqueducts
ettyshm: amethysts
eiipflm: amplifies
rtuiooc: atrocious
ertuiac: actuaries
ettubnm: abutments
rupaasg: asparagus
rtiossn: arsonists
qtuiacn: acquaints
uooalnm: anomalous
eesslbm: assembles
erriiln: airliners
erttakc: attackers
eoosfln: aloofness
eriacnm: americans
euoagln: analogues
eiadccm: academics
eerttan: anteaters
eerigll: allergies
eerrtup: apertures
ertpasn: apartness
errigbm: ambergris
uuiossd: assiduous
rtioobn: abortions
qruuiam: aquariums
tiioddn: additions
eeoslnn: aloneness
eeisdhv: adhesives
ertiipf: aperitifs
ioadkll: alkaloids
eiallcn: alliances
uuiogbm: ambiguous
etpahlb: alphabets
ertiosd: asteroids
eerttdn: attenders
ertipas: aspirates
ryuodhn: anhydrous
eeettsh: aesthetes
ruuialc: auriculas
riadhcn: arachnids
etioanm: anatomies
etionmm: ammonites
etiadcb: abdicates
etiopdn: antipodes
eiohcvn: anchovies
ettiodn: antidotes
ertissk: asterisks
eetiinm: amenities
ettoann: annotates
ertioph: atrophies
eerppas: appeasers
erushbm: ambushers
ettihlc: athletics
etuoslb: absolutes
erruiom: armouries
eioshlb: abolishes
rttascb: abstracts
ettuipd: aptitudes
qerruic: acquirers
eriidfl: airfields
tuiiodn: auditions
iassssn: assassins
tuioscc: acoustics
eioalnm: anomalies
erudhkc: archdukes
etttuid: attitudes
ertugnm: arguments
rtuodcb: abductors
erioofl: aerofoils
rtipasn: aspirants
eetiixn: anxieties
uuioadc: audacious
ettiacv: activates
eioagln: analogies
eetodcn: anecdotes
eertssc: actresses
eeetsbn: absentees
ettuoam: automates
erippas: appraises
uooagln: analogous
weusfln: awfulness
eriosvn: aversions
eeissgn: assignees
ertuosh: authoress
erossss: assessors
errtuam: armatures
etiiilb: abilities
erriafm: airframes
weerasn: awareness
roppalv: approvals
iipsdhm: amidships
tioopdn: adoptions
eeiadcm: academies
eryusnm: aneurysms
erttafc: artefacts
ertopcc: acceptors
tuiolbn: ablutions
eessscb: abscesses
tuiiobm: ambitious
errosbb: absorbers
eerihcv: achievers
eoadlcc: accolades
10
eeropaln: aeroplanes
tuuooonm: autonomous
etioassc: associates
errippas: appraisers
eertaggg: aggregates
etiiodbn: antibodies
rtuopagh: autographs
rttioacv: activators
eriopssn: aspersions
eertyphc: archetypes
iiossdnm: admissions
eertisdv: advertises
eeertgnm: agreements
eettussn: astuteness
eruiaccc: accuracies
uuiiopsc: auspicious
ertusfln: artfulness
etiglnnm: alignments
eippalcn: appliances
eertiscn: ancestries
eruocnnn: announcers
qttuialc: acquittals
eeriogll: allegories
eiosscnn: ascensions
weoallcn: allowances
euasdcbm: ambuscades
ertuiosh: authorises
rtioghlm: algorithms
etiiiffn: affinities
rtiashcn: anarchists
ertiasbn: abstainers
etioopsh: apotheosis
ertoaslb: astrolabes
tuiodcbn: abductions
errossgg: aggressors
ttiashcm: asthmatics
erttiioc: atrocities
ertttuib: attributes
eetdnnmm: amendments
ertoofnn: afternoons
etuiosbm: abstemious
etaadgvn: advantages
ertiosdn: adroitness
eroaghcn: anchorages
eruasscn: assurances
euosshlm: almshouses
rtioaccb: acrobatics
eetusnmm: amusements
rrtttoac: attractors
rrtoopdh: arthropods
ttioasnm: anatomists
eersslbm: assemblers
eertiflv: afterlives
etuipdlm: amplitudes
ertuuodl: adulterous
eetttuan: attenuates
eerrtudl: adulterers
rtioagll: alligators
tiioannm: animations
errttiab: arbitrates
eriipflm: amplifiers
eeerssdd: addressees
erpasdnm: ampersands
weiagknn: awakenings
eerppdhn: apprehends
eiosdhnm: admonishes
eioopsgl: apologises
etishlcm: alchemists
eerttilm: altimeters
eiossccn: accessions
eeppadgn: appendages
uiiophbm: amphibious
etttionn: attentions
rippaasl: appraisals
eoophlln: allophones
rtooallc: allocators
rioodccn: accordions
tiaassln: assailants
eerippas: appraisees
ettollnm: allotments
ttiasssn: assistants
ertaaggv: aggravates
rttuoasn: astronauts
ertiossn: assertions
eriiogbn: aborigines
eerttaln: alternates
eyoacnnn: annoyances
eerroodm: aerodromes
erttihcc: architects
eetiallv: alleviates
ertiascn: ascertains
eertudvn: adventures
eiasglcn: analgesics
etppalln: appellants
ertiohkc: artichokes
ettiishn: antithesis
werrtadf: afterwards
eertusdl: adulteress
etiosssb: asbestosis
ettiiicv: activities
eetidjcv: adjectives
eaahlcvn: avalanches
eeippdcn: appendices
iipahbnm: amphibians
erttpanm: apartments
rtiooppn: apportions
euadcbnn: abundances
eettishn: antitheses
qeeruasb: arabesques
tippalcn: applicants
eraghlcn: archangels
ettyopsm: asymptotes
ruiioacv: avaricious
etiosshn: astonishes
eerascnn: arcaneness
rrtiopas: aspirators
etttadnn: attendants
tiiadffv: affidavits
eeisslbm: assemblies
ertodnnm: adornments
etioffcn: affections
ttiioagn: agitations
tiioddcn: addictions
eeruigbn: aubergines
euiasnnm: amanuensis
etiiaffl: affiliates
ertupsbn: abruptness
ertioccn: accretions
ttuioacm: automatics
ertioacb: aerobatics
eetioppn: appointees
rtiishcv: archivists
eroppahc: approaches
werroadh: arrowheads
tioopsgl: apologists
ioohllcc: alcoholics
eualcbnm: ambulances
11
eroadhccn: archdeacons
riopshhcb: archbishops
ttiopaadn: adaptations
rtiiopscn: ascriptions
etaaaglmm: amalgamates
eertipalc: altarpieces
ertuuodvn: adventurous
etuiiigbm: ambiguities
eertioalm: ameliorates
qettuiiin: antiquities
ertooppsh: apostrophes
tuiopssnm: assumptions
erttossnm: assortments
eeuissvbn: abusiveness
tiioodnnm: admonitions
erttioaln: alterations
etttahcnm: attachments
ertoasslb: albatrosses
etiiahlnn: annihilates
eeiaslbnm: amiableness
roaassdbm: ambassadors
eerrtudvn: adventurers
eeerihcnm: archenemies
eeissslnm: aimlessness
eeiagllcn: allegiances
errttoaln: alternators
etioaglln: allegations
tiiofflcn: afflictions
etioaxnnn: annexations
eriossggn: aggressions
eertiavbb: abbreviates
eertippcn: apprentices
ttiioacvn: activations
wwerasdkn: awkwardness
ertuiisdb: absurdities
tioasgnnm: antagonisms
errtoosnm: astronomers
rrrttioab: arbitrators
rrttioasc: aristocrats
rtioosgnm: agronomists
weeeossnm: awesomeness
eertullnm: allurements
ettiadcnm: admittances
erttuialc: articulates
ettuiialc: actualities
eetssssnm: assessments
etissgnnm: assignments
ertiisdnm: administers
ruiioocnm: acrimonious
eertippac: appreciates
ttuiopanm: amputations
rtiioppan: apparitions
eertuiocn: auctioneers
qertuiian: antiquaries
tuioasccn: accusations
rtiooagbn: abrogations
ttiiiocbn: antibiotics
ttioasgnn: antagonists
eettuaccn: accentuates
eerppaacn: appearances
ettiipscn: antiseptics
ertuppaas: apparatuses
ettiosbnn: abstentions
errtiahcv: architraves
eriisskcn: airsickness
eertiisdv: adversities
eertopshm: atmospheres
ryuoodgnn: androgynous
eerrtisdv: advertisers
tiooallcn: allocations
errtoosgl: astrologers
eertsssln: artlessness
eiopaccnm: accompanies
ttuoaccnn: accountants
ttuiosslb: absolutists
rtiiopasn: aspirations
ruiioopdv: avoirdupois
eerriasdv: adversaries
eeettdcnn: antecedents
etuiaddjc: adjudicates
ettiipahn: antipathies
eetosdlcn: adolescents
etioasgnn: antagonises
rtioopsbn: absorptions
errtioabn: aberrations
etuualccm: accumulates
eiiopdhlc: acidophiles
eerttuadl: adulterates
etiiiosnm: animosities
etttiannm: attainments
eeassglbm: assemblages
ttiooannn: annotations
etiiasslm: assimilates
eertyismm: asymmetries
eetpacccn: acceptances
rtttioacn: attractions
erttuiioh: authorities
eeertalcc: accelerates
eioplcccm: accomplices
eeriosscc: accessories
ertttuoan: attenuators
ettusdjnm: adjustments
ertuioacc: autocracies
eruiiialx: auxiliaries
eettadcnn: attendances
rtioppalc: applicators
ettiipacn: anticipates
ertuioacn: aeronautics
ertosfhkc: aftershocks
etiooghln: anthologies
12
erttioalnn: alternations
tioaalccnm: acclamations
ertioagggn: aggregations
tiioppalcn: applications
rioashcnnm: anachronisms
errtiopppa: appropriates
ertiopshcm: atmospherics
ertioppaxm: approximates
rrttiioabn: arbitrations
eryioadcnm: aerodynamics
qrtuiiaann: antiquarians
ettioaffcn: affectations
eeriassvbn: abrasiveness
rttiioosbn: abortionists
etooadccmm: accommodates
eeerttfffc: aftereffects
ettioppnnm: appointments
eettiashcn: anaesthetics
eerrtagnnm: arrangements
eiopshlccm: accomplishes
rtuuoalccm: accumulators
rttioascbn: abstractions
rtippaahkc: apparatchiks
eertiopahc: apothecaries
eetuosslbn: absoluteness
etiioallvn: alleviations
eiiaadccnm: academicians
etioppalln: appellations
rtioaaggvn: aggravations
etiiippdcn: appendicitis
tiiooabnnm: abominations
ryuooshcnn: asynchronous
tiiioaffln: affiliations
qtuiiioscn: acquisitions
eerrtoalcc: accelerators
eeertussdl: adulteresses
errrtuiagb: arbitrageurs
eetipahnmm: amphetamines
rtiioaffnm: affirmations
eeetihcvnm: achievements
tiiooasscn: associations
rttuioascn: astronautics
eruiissgbn: agribusiness
ertiioopsn: anisotropies
ertuiodxbm: ambidextrous
eetadcvnnm: advancements
weeodgklcn: acknowledges
tiioassgnn: assignations
erttioalcn: altercations
eerttialvn: alternatives
rtuioaddjc: adjudicators
rtyiopsshc: astrophysics
rtttuiiobn: attributions
eeeissdhvn: adhesiveness
ttiioadxnn: antioxidants
riiopasdhc: aphrodisiacs
etuoaadgvn: advantageous
13
ertiioavbbn: abbreviations
tuuioalccnm: accumulations
ertttuofghh: afterthoughts
erttiioalln: alliterations
errtiioascc: aristocracies
eerriiasvnn: anniversaries
errrtiiasbn: arbitrariness
eerrttuihcc: architectures
rtuioopshmm: automorphisms
eertioalccn: accelerations
ttiiiooslbn: abolitionists
eerttipahhm: amphitheatres
rttuiioalcn: articulations
erttuioadln: adulterations
ettuioagnnm: augmentations
werrtiioshn: airworthiness
erioaghlccm: agrochemicals
eeertisssvn: assertiveness
eetttiasshn: anaesthetists
erttiipalcn: antiparticles
ttiiiopacnn: anticipations
qetuiaaccnn: acquaintances
eeeerasglbn: agreeableness
eetttuiahcn: authenticates
tuiioaddjcn: adjudications
ertiioalbnm: abnormalities
eetuocnnnnm: announcements
tioaaaglnmm: amalgamations
eeetttisvnn: attentiveness
eetiisddcvn: addictiveness
ertiioppacn: appreciations
eerioppshnn: apprehensions
14
rttuiiooashn: authorisations
ertiooagglnm: agglomerations
eruiioasscvn: avariciousness
ettiiiashnnm: antihistamines
rrtiioopppan: appropriations
etiopaccnnmm: accompaniments
ttuioaaglcnn: anticoagulants
rrttuiioaahn: authoritarians
eeerttisdvnm: advertisements
tioooadccnmm: accommodations
eeerisssggvn: aggressiveness
ertiooasghlc: archaeologists
eetuiosssbnm: abstemiousness
etiiiiaallvb: availabilities
eertttiascvn: attractiveness
tiiiopaflcnm: amplifications
eertuiasshnm: amateurishness
tiioaassssnn: assassinations
ertttuioahcn: authenticators
rttuuuipsccn: acupuncturists
rtiiooppaxnm: approximations
rrttiioasdnm: administrators
eeeerrtolccm: accelerometers
15
rttiooopsghln: anthropologists
ertuiioopaghb: autobiographies
eertiipppshcn: apprenticeships
eerttipassdnn: antidepressants
weetodgklcnnm: acknowledgments
qeetuiiisscvn: acquisitiveness
rttyiiopssshc: astrophysicists
eerrtiopppasn: appropriateness
rttiiioasdnnm: administrations
eerrtioosshlc: atherosclerosis
etiopshlccnmm: accomplishments
16
rrttuuiiasgllc: agriculturalists
weeetodgklcnnm: acknowledgements
rtttiiiooasbnn: antiabortionists
eeetissddbnnnm: absentmindedness

ar
3
i: air
4
aj: ajar
im: amir
ev: aver
ag: agar
af: afar
5
ets: aster
eug: auger
edd: adder
elb: abler
ebm: amber
edl: alder
ohb: abhor
tis: astir
etf: after
eid: aider
tal: altar
toc: actor
uug: augur
uom: amour
eim: aimer
rob: arbor
etl: alter
egn: anger
6
erti: artier
erod: adorer
tuoh: author
eusb: abuser
rtuh: arthur
erii: airier
iaff: affair
elbm: ambler
etuu: auteur
ruod: ardour
wesn: answer
ruob: arbour
egln: angler
ruom: armour
ethn: anther
erug: arguer
etuc: acuter
ohcn: anchor
uipa: aupair
erhc: archer
etln: antler
eppa: appear
eigl: agiler
eplm: ampler
7
eippl: applier
eerdh: adherer
eusdn: asunder
ualnn: annular
uagln: angular
eisdv: adviser
qeuif: aquifer
eetil: atelier
eridm: admirer
eegvn: avenger
etuam: amateur
eyonn: annoyer
eetmm: ammeter
euscc: accuser
etohn: another
tioav: aviator
erriv: arriver
ertib: arbiter
tuiod: auditor
etpad: adapter
topad: adaptor
ertoa: aerator
eyass: assayer
erign: angrier
etopd: adopter
8
weersn: answerer
etusdj: adjuster
eettan: anteater
eriiln: airliner
riahcm: armchair
tuodcb: abductor
eissgn: assigner
eeislb: abseiler
eadcvn: advancer
eoallv: alveolar
erusdb: absurder
eruiov: aurevoir
ttioab: abattoir
eeihcv: achiever
ttioag: agitator
eealnn: annealer
etoscn: ancestor
raaagg: agaragar
eettdn: attender
erruom: armourer
ttuoac: actuator
erragn: arranger
etopcc: acceptor
eyasln: analyser
qeruic: acquirer
eeppas: appeaser
tioanm: animator
ertion: anterior
ettakc: attacker
eossss: assessor
eesdcn: ascender
eerrts: arrester
erosbb: absorber
9
etaaslb: alabaster
erippas: appraiser
erossgg: aggressor
ttioacv: activator
uualcvn: avuncular
etiasbn: abstainer
eertudl: adulterer
tooallc: allocator
eettilm: altimeter
eosdcbn: absconder
eiipflm: amplifier
rtuialc: articular
eetipps: appetiser
tioagll: alligator
eesslbm: assembler
rtttoac: attractor
euocnnn: announcer
10
erttoaln: alternator
tioppalc: applicator
etttianm: antimatter
rrttioab: arbitrator
eertudvn: adventurer
ertoosnm: astronomer
oaassdbm: ambassador
eettoghl: altogether
eetuiocn: auctioneer
eertisdv: advertiser
etiisdnm: administer
etttuoan: attenuator
ertoosgl: astrologer
11
eetahcbnm: antechamber
errtuiagb: arbitrageur
eertoalcc: accelerator
tuuoalccm: accumulator
tuioaddjc: adjudicator
13
eeeertolccm: accelerometer
etttuioahcn: authenticator
rttiioasdnm: administrator
14
ertiiioodcnn: airconditioner

au
5
eid: adieu

at
2
: at
3
c: act
f: aft
l: alt
n: ant
p: apt
r: art
4
un: aunt
ub: abut
in: aint
id: adit
eb: abet
5
uid: audit
wia: await
rob: abort
oll: allot
rog: argot
rpa: apart
sgn: angst
ess: asset
afb: abaft
uob: about
pad: adapt
oof: afoot
opd: adopt
ern: arent
udl: adult
erv: avert
ibm: ambit
obb: abbot
ofl: aloft
idm: admit
egn: agent
erl: alert
epd: adept
6
rraa: ararat
rran: arrant
usdj: adjust
eulm: amulet
effc: affect
etts: attest
etps: aptest
epsc: aspect
ripm: armpit
errs: arrest
rtis: artist
eppl: applet
eilb: albeit
isdm: amidst
righ: aright
erss: assert
asgh: aghast
oslm: almost
rupb: abrupt
epcc: accept
quic: acquit
ergn: argent
ross: assort
rios: aorist
uusg: august
esbn: absent
ekln: anklet
iddc: addict
eslb: ablest
uonm: amount
oafl: afloat
riod: adroit
erlm: armlet
ionn: anoint
escn: ascent
ighl: alight
essn: assent
udcb: abduct
ejcb: abject
ridf: adrift
erdv: advert
oscc: accost
edvn: advent
erdn: ardent
isss: assist
asln: aslant
eccn: accent
7
iisnm: animist
eriis: airiest
uassl: assault
erasb: abreast
rriop: airport
righl: alright
iasgn: against
roffn: affront
yasln: analyst
aadnm: adamant
rttac: attract
riopc: apricot
iosgn: agonist
eugnm: augment
etusc: acutest
errsm: armrest
osgnm: amongst
uoccn: account
roacb: acrobat
eibnm: ambient
quiol: aliquot
eilnm: ailment
ioppn: appoint
ifflc: afflict
eicnn: ancient
riifl: airlift
riosm: amorist
pashl: asphalt
ettpm: attempt
etish: atheist
udjcn: adjunct
tuoam: automat
8
tiiscv: activist
eadjcn: adjacent
eruoan: aeronaut
eidccn: accident
ripasn: aspirant
eridcc: accredit
tuadjn: adjutant
rtascb: abstract
riossn: arsonist
quuaan: aquanaut
riaslm: alarmist
rriafc: aircraft
eranmm: armament
errabn: aberrant
uadbnn: abundant
ertafc: artefact
ualbnm: ambulant
rtuoac: autocrat
euffln: affluent
epahlb: alphabet
riopsh: aphorist
etyshm: amethyst
erisgn: angriest
riipas: apiarist
erppan: apparent
rtuisl: altruist
etubnm: abutment
eerffn: afferent
erugnm: argument
rtiigh: airtight
eerdhn: adherent
quiacn: acquaint
rroagn: arrogant
qeuudc: aqueduct
9
tioasnm: anatomist
eetonnm: atonement
eeergnm: agreement
ettadnn: attendant
eeasbnm: abasement
iiadffv: affidavit
eppalln: appellant
eetabnm: abatement
ertpanm: apartment
ruissdb: absurdist
ertihcc: architect
ioopsgl: apologist
eednnmm: amendment
riishcv: archivist
easdcnn: ascendant
etollnm: allotment
tiasssn: assistant
iaassln: assailant
eiglnnm: alignment
etisbnn: abstinent
eulnnnm: annulment
rttuisn: antitrust
erppalc: applecart
erosbbn: absorbent
wrrrooo: arrowroot
eeusnmm: amusement
erussdb: absurdest
eishlcm: alchemist
errohbn: abhorrent
rtuoasn: astronaut
ippalcn: applicant
riashcn: anarchist
erodnnm: adornment
eeaznmm: amazement
tuioopl: autopilot
10
etusdjnm: adjustment
ettiannm: attainment
ettahcnm: attachment
eriasglb: algebraist
eissgnnm: assignment
eialvbnm: ambivalent
rioosgnm: agronomist
ertossnm: assortment
eeosdlcn: adolescent
eerullnm: allurement
wwerasdk: awkwardest
tioasgnn: antagonist
eessssnm: assessment
ertisgnn: astringent
rrtioasc: aristocrat
tuiosslb: absolutist
eeetdcnn: antecedent
tuoaccnn: accountant
11
eerragnnm: arrangement
eeertfffc: aftereffect
eeadcvnnm: advancement
rtiioosbn: abortionist
eeridgbnm: abridgement
etioppnnm: appointment
eruodjnnm: adjournment
eoadbnnnm: abandonment
iopasccnm: accompanist
qeeuisccn: acquiescent
eeeppasnm: appeasement
eeeihcvnm: achievement
12
eettiasshn: anaesthetist
erttuofghh: afterthought
eeuocnnnnm: announcement
etiosshnnm: astonishment
ertuoofghh: aforethought
eiosdhnnmm: admonishment
riioosdccn: accordionist
tiiiooslbn: abolitionist
rrtiiaafcn: antiaircraft
13
rtuuuipsccn: acupuncturist
eeertisdvnm: advertisement
ertiooppnnm: apportionment
eiopaccnnmm: accompaniment
eriooasghlc: archaeologist
eertiascnnm: ascertainment
14
rtyiiopssshc: astrophysicist
rtiooopsghln: anthropologist
eertipassdnn: antidepressant
weeodgklcnnm: acknowledgment
eiopshlccnmm: accomplishment
errtiopaashm: aromatherapist
15
weeeodgklcnnm: acknowledgement
rrtuuiiasgllc: agriculturalist

aw
9
ertofgl: afterglow
4
ov: avow
en: anew
5
rro: arrow
ogl: aglow
esk: askew
oll: allow
6
erdn: andrew
yohn: anyhow
7
riofl: airflow
erric: aircrew

ay
3
b: aby
n: any
4
rt: arty
lb: ably
wa: away
oh: ahoy
ll: ally
sh: ashy
wr: awry
rm: army
hc: achy
ri: airy
5
ass: assay
all: allay
onn: annoy
ebb: abbey
ell: alley
tpl: aptly
oll: alloy
rra: array
ppl: apply
tim: amity
ogn: agony
erp: apery
plm: amply
rgn: angry
6
wria: airway
ripa: apiary
tpah: apathy
rhlc: archly
riav: aviary
albn: albany
alln: anally
raff: affray
rtas: astray
tuic: acuity
idlc: acidly
wyan: anyway
ruug: augury
erif: aerify
riil: airily
ergn: anergy
egcn: agency
idlv: avidly
errt: artery
7
ipflm: amplify
erdcn: ardency
etpln: aplenty
tiilb: ability
iallx: axially
ohcvn: anchovy
oopgl: apology
rtash: ashtray
tiidv: avidity
afflb: affably
tuinn: annuity
yodbn: anybody
etulc: acutely
oalnm: anomaly
rtoph: atrophy
rtuac: actuary
uidlb: audibly
etsnm: amnesty
iolnm: alimony
eadcm: academy
tiidc: acidity
toanm: anatomy
errhc: archery
rruom: armoury
rtoam: amatory
rigln: angrily
tuops: autopsy
wufll: awfully
iidfc: acidify
oagln: analogy
etixn: anxiety
ergll: allergy
ripal: airplay
ialbm: amiably
ertll: alertly
tiigl: agility
rahcn: anarchy
wrahc: archway
rtiid: aridity
ehlcm: alchemy
ruall: aurally
etinm: amenity
eradl: already
8
ertton: attorney
rtuplb: abruptly
rtuahc: autarchy
tuiadc: audacity
ertdln: ardently
erticb: acerbity
oadccv: advocacy
rusdlb: absurdly
tiiffn: affinity
ruaglb: arguably
tighlm: almighty
ettusl: astutely
rrttis: artistry
ertips: asperity
erogll: allegory
weyall: alleyway
ialcbm: amicably
ertscn: ancestry
rtasll: astrally
riallx: axillary
rttioc: atrocity
weodlv: avowedly
ttiicv: activity
tuallc: actually
riognm: agrimony
qeuadc: adequacy
rtuiod: auditory
topass: apostasy
uallnn: annually
rtiodl: adroitly
esslbm: assembly
tiodbn: antibody
ruaccc: accuracy
tionnm: antimony
riocnm: acrimony
eopplx: apoplexy
etslbn: absently
eriall: aerially
roadlb: adorably
roognm: agronomy
ighlcn: achingly
tuoonm: autonomy
rtialc: alacrity
riosdv: advisory
eralcn: arcanely
etjlcb: abjectly
rtufll: artfully
ertudl: adultery
etilcv: actively
9
etilcnn: anciently
euislvb: abusively
eissllm: aimlessly
erussdl: assuredly
tyionnm: anonymity
tuiissd: assiduity
ttioaln: atonality
eisddlv: advisedly
wwradkl: awkwardly
iaglznm: amazingly
erttuis: austerity
opaccnm: accompany
uisglnm: amusingly
riallcn: ancillary
ertysmm: asymmetry
riadlbm: admirably
ttiiocm: atomicity
eedglll: allegedly
qttuiin: antiquity
weeoslm: awesomely
rtuoacc: autocracy
eersdlv: adversely
eertusl: austerely
rttuioh: authority
ttuialc: actuality
yasllbm: abysmally
ertisdv: adversity
wrrtioh: airworthy
ruooslm: amorously
qrtuian: antiquary
rtuoadl: adulatory
tooghln: anthology
tuiigbm: ambiguity
rtoosgl: astrology
ttipahn: antipathy
ruiialx: auxiliary
tiiosnm: animosity
rtioalm: amorality
rtuisdb: absurdity
easdhlm: ashamedly
errtill: artillery
errasdv: adversary
erosscc: accessory
eeraglv: averagely
rtoosnm: astronomy
uioslxn: anxiously
riodgln: adoringly
taadlnm: adamantly
eadjccn: adjacency
eeraglb: agreeably
ertssll: artlessly
eerhcnm: archenemy
rrrtiab: arbitrary
10
riagllnm: alarmingly
riidglnm: admiringly
qeetuadl: adequately
eetdfflc: affectedly
yioglnnn: annoyingly
errtioln: anteriorly
ruigllln: alluringly
tuadlbnn: abundantly
eriaslvb: abrasively
ettiadgl: agitatedly
tioallcm: atomically
easdccnn: ascendancy
eroscbbn: absorbency
ettiddlm: admittedly
ttiipadv: adaptivity
etiiddlv: additively
tuiiidlb: audibility
uisglccn: accusingly
ertialnm: alimentary
etipadlv: adaptively
rttaslcb: abstractly
ertppaln: apparently
tyipallc: atypically
ertualcc: accurately
ertusslb: abstrusely
rrtoagln: arrogantly
etuosllb: absolutely
rtuiagln: angularity
tiiialbm: amiability
ioalbbnm: abominably
ertopahc: apothecary
eesdccnn: ascendency
rtioopsn: anisotropy
rtuoalbm: ambulatory
rtuialcc: articulacy
rtuoascc: accusatory
tiiafflb: affability
tiiaklln: alkalinity
etiadlnm: animatedly
etpalccb: acceptably
roallbnm: abnormally
rtioodnm: admonitory
etadjlcn: adjacently
11
eetttilvn: attentively
uooasglln: analogously
yuooslnnm: anonymously
rioppglvn: approvingly
rrrtiialb: arbitrarily
erippalcb: appreciably
iiosgglnn: agonisingly
etoadllcn: anecdotally
uuiosglbm: ambiguously
ippagllln: appallingly
eettisshc: aestheticsy
eeridgglv: aggrievedly
rttiioacm: aromaticity
rtioalbnm: abnormality
eertisslv: assertively
etiialbnm: amenability
rrtioascc: aristocracy
erioallcb: aerobically
uooasllnm: anomalously
tiopasgln: angioplasty
eerttalln: alternately
erriasvnn: anniversary
riosglbbn: absorbingly
rtuiooslc: atrociously
uuioasdlc: audaciously
eippaglln: appealingly
erooaghlc: archaeology
tiiialcbm: amicability
tuiioslbm: ambitiously
riodglccn: accordingly
tuoacccnn: accountancy
uuiosssdl: assiduously
12
tuuoooslnm: autonomously
riippasgln: appraisingly
uuiiopsslc: auspiciously
errtopaahm: aromatherapy
tiiiasdlvb: advisability
erttasdlcb: abstractedly
rttiiopsvb: absorptivity
rttiiopacn: anticipatory
tuioasllcc: acoustically
rrttuioalc: articulatory
ettiahlllc: athletically
erttuiallc: articulately
erroadhccn: archdeaconry
etuiosslbm: abstemiously
rtiiiafllc: artificially
erttyisnmm: antisymmetry
eerissgglv: aggressively
rttiiasllc: artistically
ertttialcv: attractively
tioaallcnm: anatomically
etttuiihcn: authenticity
etiallvbnm: ambivalently
tiioaddlln: additionally
tuiosdglnn: astoundingly
rtooopghln: anthropology
etiadllccn: accidentally
ertuiashlm: amateurishly
tyiaalllcn: analytically
tiiiaallvb: availability
ttiipaadlb: adaptability
eiaadllccm: academically
13
ettuiahllcn: authentically
ttuioaallcm: automatically
tiiiissdlbm: admissibility
tiiaaadllcb: adiabatically
etiioasslcv: associatively
eriiopadllc: aperiodically
errtiopppal: appropriately
ertiiafflvm: affirmatively
erioagllllc: allegorically
tiioaallxcm: axiomatically
etiiisslccb: accessibility
tiiossghlnn: astonishingly
ruiiooslcnm: acrimoniously
rtiioadfflb: affordability
rtuioopaghb: autobiography
eriaaglllcb: algebraically
rttiiiiaflc: artificiality
tiiippallcb: applicability
ttiiioasscv: associativity
eettiashllc: aesthetically
erioaallcbn: anaerobically
ettipaahllc: apathetically
ertioppalxm: approximately
eerttiallvn: alternatively
ettiiashllc: atheistically
ertuuosdlvn: adventurously
ettiipalccb: acceptability
14
rrtuuiaglllc: agriculturally
ertyiasllcmm: asymmetrically
eeerippshlvn: apprehensively
eetisddlbnnm: absentmindedly
ertiiassddlb: addressability
ttyiopasllcm: asymptotically
etuoaasdglvn: advantageously
eettioafflcn: affectionately
rtiooasllcnm: astronomically
ryuoosshlcnn: asynchronously
erttiiahllcm: arithmetically
etttiiahllcn: antithetically
eertiippalcv: appreciatively
etipaahlllcb: alphabetically
ttuiioalccbn: accountability
rttuioaallcc: autocratically
rttuiiaslllc: altruistically
etioopaglllc: apologetically
15
errttuiahllcc: architecturally
rtiioaghlllcm: algorithmically
eerttuiaglvnm: argumentatively
rtiioppaahlcb: approachability
ertttuiioahlv: authoritatively
ertiopashllcm: atmospherically
eryioaadllcnm: aerodynamically
16
eriooaaghlllcc: archaeologically
rtiaaaagllcnmm: anagrammatically
erttiiiasdlvnm: administratively
17
rtiioaashllccnn: anachronistically
ertioopaghllcnn: anthropogenically
18
rtuiioopaaghllcb: autobiographically

ax
4
ep: apex
5
iff: affix
idm: admix
enn: annex
6
euid: adieux
uffl: afflux
7
rtahn: anthrax
8
eippdn: appendix
10
tiialcnm: anticlimax
13
eerrtyopahc: archaeopteryx

az
5
uzb: abuzz

nh
4
oa: noah
ig: nigh
5
toc: notch
tin: ninth
rto: north
eig: neigh
ypm: nymph
6
weis: newish
7
eeivn: nineveh
ruios: nourish
9
eettiin: ninetieth
weassfl: newsflash
10
eeettinn: nineteenth
11
rtiiasghm: nightmarish

ni
8
aaasgk: nagasaki
4
az: nazi
5
oam: naomi
ugn: nguni
6
eulc: nuclei
7
rioab: nairobi
tuial: nautili

nk
8
etooob: notebook
10
weeerodl: needlework
4
oo: nook
ic: nick
ec: neck
7
werto: network
weool: newlook

nl
3
i: nil
4
ia: nail
ul: null
eo: noel
5
oad: nodal
eov: novel
aav: naval
taa: natal
aas: nasal
eav: navel
epa: nepal
6
uoan: nounal
erua: neural
eikc: nickel
roam: normal
7
rtios: nostril
ioanm: nominal
rtuaa: natural
wraah: narwhal
eeudf: needful
ertua: neutral
etalb: netball
tuipa: nuptial
eruam: numeral
8
eruoan: neuronal
tuiaac: nautical
weeers: newsreel
uusklm: numskull
etushl: nutshell
etoaan: neonatal
tiooan: notional
tioaan: national
9
tiafghl: nightfall
eruiacm: numerical
uusklbm: numbskull
rtuoacn: nocturnal
10
eetufglc: neglectful
ttiooaan: notational
11
rttuiioan: nutritional
eioasscnn: nonsensical
12
eetioassnn: nonessential
eruiooaglc: neurological
tiioaaagvn: navigational
13
tuiooafcnnn: nonfunctional
eruiooaglcm: numerological

nm
4
ro: norm
6
iasz: nazism
uisd: nudism
paal: napalm
7
rtuos: nostrum
iiasz: naziism
8
weroos: newsroom
eopasl: neoplasm
iiishl: nihilism
etiops: nepotism
9
eioosgl: neologism
etuuipn: neptunium
10
ertuiasl: neutralism
riiasssc: narcissism
rtuiaasl: naturalism
etiiasgv: negativism
rttuuias: nasturtium
11
tiioaasln: nationalism

nn
3
u: nun
o: non
4
oo: noon
eo: neon
uo: noun
5
yol: nylon
iox: nixon
6
tioo: notion
roam: norman
eruo: neuron
ipak: napkin
iopp: nippon
iogg: noggin
tioa: nation
weto: newton
eeta: neaten
7
weasm: newsman
weesm: newsmen
werob: newborn
ertuo: neutron
8
iiaabm: namibian
ertohm: northmen
eoalbm: nobleman
eoopal: napoleon
ttiooa: notation
ertiog: nitrogen
eerosm: norsemen
ttuioa: nutation
errtoh: northern
eeolbm: noblemen
eeetin: nineteen
etioag: negation
9
rrtioaa: narration
rttuiio: nutrition
wtioggh: nightgown
10
erryuasm: nurseryman
eerryusm: nurserymen
tiiooanm: nomination
tiioaagv: navigation
11
ettiiooag: negotiation
12
ttiiiooafc: notification
eerruuoosg: neurosurgeon
weeerppasm: newspapermen
errioaadln: noradrenalin
13
rtiiooaaslm: normalisation
wttiaaghhcm: nightwatchman
tuiiioafllc: nullification
14
erttuiioaasl: neutralisation
rttuiioaaasl: naturalisation
15
ttiiiooaaasln: nationalisation
eerttiioovnnn: nonintervention
16
rttiiiooppaacn: nonparticipation

no
8
ertuin: neutrino
2
: no
4
ta: nato

na
9
eruiagl: neuralgia
tioasgl: nostalgia
11
eriiophlc: necrophilia
yiopahnmm: nymphomania
5
yal: nyala
6
eulb: nebula
euas: nausea
7
tpahh: naphtha
eriig: nigeria
riavn: nirvana
iiabm: namibia
riaag: niagara

nb
9
tuighlc: nightclub
3
a: nab
i: nib
4
um: numb

nc
6
rtii: nitric
riod: nordic
7
ioadm: nomadic
euilc: nucleic
eruim: numeric
8
rtioac: narcotic
ertioc: necrotic
ertuio: neurotic
9
tioasgl: nostalgic
etiiohl: neolithic
10
tuiiasmm: numismatic
etiioslv: novelistic
tiiiishl: nihilistic
11
ertiopalc: narcoleptic
ertioacnm: necromantic
12
rtiiiasssc: narcissistic
eriiopahlc: necrophiliac
rttuiiaasl: naturalistic
yiopaahnmm: nymphomaniac
13
ttiiioaasln: nationalistic

nd
3
o: nod
4
ee: need
er: nerd
5
eak: naked
eam: named
oam: nomad
iaa: naiad
eos: nosed
eto: noted
6
eera: neared
eppa: napped
eagg: nagged
eeed: needed
eets: nested
erus: nursed
eikc: nicked
eubm: numbed
eett: netted
erom: normed
eial: nailed
eipp: nipped
eodd: nodded
eekc: necked
eoos: noosed
eudg: nudged
eabb: nabbed
7
eiggl: niggled
eulzz: nuzzled
eeigh: neighed
eetsl: nestled
eilbb: nibbled
etohc: notched
etioc: noticed
eeedl: needled
eettl: nettled
etopa: notepad
euodl: noduled
eriog: negroid
eetag: negated
8
eeertu: neutered
weuofn: newfound
wweeyl: newlywed
eakcbn: neckband
werroa: narrowed
errtaa: narrated
eerubm: numbered
etiiof: notified
errtuu: nurtured
eiofln: ninefold
9
eruiosh: nourished
euiifll: nullified
etiaagv: navigated
eiaassl: nasalised
eruiasm: nursemaid
wrrtoah: northward
wetassn: newsstand
eetuaas: nauseated
eeetglc: neglected
eiakcnm: nicknamed
etioanm: nominated
weertok: networked
10
erioaslm: normalised
tioooahn: nationhood
euopssln: nonplussed
weeafgln: newfangled
rtuoohbn: northbound
eettioag: negotiated
eooascnn: nanosecond
11
eertiasgh: nearsighted
ertuiaasl: naturalised
eertuiasl: neutralised
ertiooacb: noticeboard
12
eeettiassc: necessitated
etiioaasln: nationalised
werrioadnm: narrowminded
13
eruioooghhb: neighbourhood

ne
2
: ne
3
e: nee
4
on: none
od: node
av: nave
am: name
to: note
pa: nape
il: nile
uk: nuke
in: nine
ud: nude
ic: nice
os: nose
5
erv: nerve
ios: noise
olb: noble
eic: niece
udg: nudge
oos: noose
rus: nurse
ihc: niche
iav: naive
6
uacn: nuance
eedl: needle
ettl: nettle
tiav: native
ilbm: nimble
oodl: noodle
ulzz: nuzzle
etsl: nestle
iocv: novice
ilbb: nibble
iggl: niggle
etag: negate
uodl: nodule
oddl: noddle
tioc: notice
ippl: nipple
rtua: nature
olzz: nozzle
7
eedlb: ndebele
tiigh: nightie
eionm: nominee
eualb: nebulae
weroh: nowhere
rrtuu: nurture
etiav: naivete
toalb: notable
etikc: necktie
eruon: neurone
ioosm: noisome
rttia: nitrate
etoan: neonate
etupn: neptune
eollv: novelle
rrtaa: narrate
8
eiosdv: nosedive
eiklcn: neckline
eossnn: nonsense
eriasd: nearside
tioodn: noontide
tiiocn: nicotine
etuaas: nauseate
eaklcc: necklace
etyoph: neophyte
ertuam: numerate
eeropn: neoprene
etiagv: negative
eeiggl: negligee
rtuocn: nocturne
uiascn: nuisance
tiaagv: navigate
tioanm: nominate
eaalbm: nameable
etaslb: nestable
etoadm: nematode
iakcnm: nickname
eaaskm: namesake
9
rioaslm: normalise
etpaalm: nameplate
ettioag: negotiate
rtioavm: normative
rrtiaav: narrative
iaaglvb: navigable
rtiaghm: nightmare
rttuiiv: nutritive
eettolv: novelette
ertoanm: nanometre
tiifghl: nightlife
10
tiioavnm: nominative
eiiggllb: negligible
rtuiaasl: naturalise
eeigglcn: negligence
wtiioadn: nationwide
etioalcb: noticeable
ertuiasl: neutralise
tiioaflb: notifiable
etioaglb: negotiable
11
eettiassc: necessitate
tiiagghln: nightingale
ertupalbm: numberplate
tiioaasln: nationalise
oaahlccnn: nonchalance
eioolcvnn: nonviolence
12
eetiosxcnn: nonexistence
eeruiosccn: neuroscience
rioaasllbm: normalisable
ertuoalcnm: nomenclature
13
errioaadlnn: noradrenaline
14
errtyiioglcn: nitroglycerine
15
eeerrtiofcnnn: noninterference

ng
3
a: nag
6
ianm: naming
tion: noting
iogn: ngoing
etum: nutmeg
iosn: nosing
7
uibnm: numbing
tiohn: nothing
eetsg: nestegg
eeidn: needing
etisn: nesting
iippn: nipping
ioddn: nodding
iialn: nailing
ruisn: nursing
eikcn: necking
uidgn: nudging
ioggn: nogging
iikcn: nicking
ettin: netting
erian: nearing
ippan: napping
iaggn: nagging
8
tiiocn: noticing
eeidln: needling
tiohcn: notching
uilzzn: nuzzling
eiighn: neighing
iiggln: niggling
iilbbn: nibbling
etiagn: negating
etisln: nestling
9
eruibnm: numbering
rrtuuin: nurturing
wrrioan: narrowing
eetiann: neatening
erttian: nattering
eertuin: neutering
rrtiaan: narrating
tyiiofn: notifying
10
wertiokn: networking
tiioannm: nominating
tiiipkcn: nitpicking
ruiioshn: nourishing
tiiaagvn: navigating
etuiaasn: nauseating
eetiglcn: neglecting
ioosknnm: nonsmoking
tiiialbn: nailbiting
yuiiflln: nullifying
11
eiaallcnm: namecalling
riioaslnm: normalising
ettiioagn: negotiating
eeeridvnn: neverending
12
eruiioghbn: neighbouring
ertuiiasln: neutralising
erioppadnm: namedropping
13
tiiioaaslnn: nationalising
eettiiasscn: necessitating
15
wtttiioasdhnn: notwithstanding

ny
3
a: nay
4
os: nosy
av: navy
5
eos: nosey
erv: nervy
tas: nasty
ann: nanny
ios: noisy
ppa: nappy
ttu: nutty
wel: newly
wes: newsy
inn: ninny
olb: nobly
eed: needy
tif: nifty
odd: noddy
avv: navvy
6
oodb: nobody
etin: ninety
wroa: norway
erab: nearby
iosl: nosily
eral: nearly
etic: nicety
ulbm: numbly
tiof: notify
tuid: nudity
etal: neatly
ealm: namely
ilbm: nimbly
eilc: nicely
rtoa: notary
7
iiosl: noisily
tiifl: niftily
tuill: nullity
etiav: naivety
tighl: nightly
eadkl: nakedly
toalb: notably
eialv: naively
aasll: nasally
etolv: novelty
tiasl: nastily
erunn: nunnery
tuagh: naughty
uifll: nullify
ooadn: noonday
weosb: newsboy
errus: nursery
8
roallm: normally
eruacm: numeracy
roadnm: normandy
roalcm: normalcy
wrroal: narrowly
eropsc: necropsy
ttiiav: nativity
tiiolb: nobility
9
tuiaghl: naughtily
ettionn: nonentity
ioallnm: nominally
erttioo: notoriety
eruoslv: nervously
rtuaall: naturally
riadggl: niggardly
uiglbnm: numbingly
eerassc: necessary
ertuall: neutrally
eetissc: necessity
uiooslx: noxiously
eruoogl: neurology
errtohl: northerly
rtioalm: normality
10
tioaalln: nationally
erttuial: neutrality
eiiggllb: negligibly
eroaccnm: necromancy
wwertosh: newsworthy
tiooalln: notionally
werttooh: noteworthy
euuosllb: nebulously
eruooglm: numerology
eeessdll: needlessly
etuioslb: nebulosity
etioalcb: noticeably
eetiaglv: negatively
ettiiagv: negativity
11
eetigglln: negligently
eeiosssll: noiselessly
rrtooaagl: narratology
eruioghlb: neighbourly
ttiioaaln: nationality
rtuiooosl: notoriously
eruiallcm: numerically
rtuoallcn: nocturnally
eyoppshlm: nympholepsy
eeriasslc: necessarily
12
toaahllcnn: nonchalantly
ertuioallc: neurotically
ttiooaalln: notationally
etuiaasgln: nauseatingly
eerrruuosg: neurosurgery
eruioooglb: neurobiology
13
rtiooofcnnm: nonconformity
etiiiiggllb: negligibility
tioaasglllc: nostalgically
rttuiioalln: nutritionally
14
eruiooaglllc: neurologically
etoooaghlcnn: nanotechnology
15
eryuiooopsghl: neurophysiology

np
8
tiaghc: nightcap
10
iooopcnm: nincompoop
3
a: nap
i: nip

nr
3
o: nor
4
ea: near
5
iad: nadir
eic: nicer
eev: never
eig: niger
wee: newer
6
eios: nosier
eera: nearer
eolb: nobler
eagg: nagger
eipp: nipper
eubm: number
eetu: neuter
eeth: nether
etac: nectar
eeta: neater
7
ettui: nuttier
eualb: nebular
eualc: nuclear
eetih: neither
eeeid: needier
uoadl: nodular
etias: nastier
eilbb: nibbler
eiios: noisier
8
weeocm: newcomer
rrtoaa: narrator
eeovbm: november
werroa: narrower
9
tioaagv: navigator
tiooanm: nominator
weeppas: newspaper
eetoppa: notepaper
wetiagh: nightwear
ertuoam: numerator
euioghb: neighbour
eoosknm: nonsmoker
10
erioaslm: normaliser
weeettsl: newsletter
eerrtohn: northerner
ettiooag: negotiator
ertuakcc: nutcracker
weeerasd: newsreader
11
eeeiolvbn: nonbeliever
eertuiasl: neutraliser
eeroaccnm: necromancer
16
eerrtttuioasnm: neurotransmitter

ns
4
we: news
ab: nabs
ag: nags
ip: nips
od: nods
un: nuns
tu: nuts
pa: naps
il: nils
ti: nits
et: nets
ib: nibs
5
rom: norms
ial: nails
eos: noses
eud: nudes
wet: newts
uon: nouns
eam: names
oon: noons
ook: nooks
ikc: nicks
iaz: nazis
ubm: numbs
ets: nests
ett: netts
eod: nodes
ekc: necks
erd: nerds
era: nears
ull: nulls
eed: needs
eto: notes
ein: nines
6
ealv: navels
eios: noises
eeic: nieces
tigh: nights
uign: ngunis
eolb: nobles
eihc: niches
yoln: nylons
eiav: navies
iaad: naiads
yphm: nymphs
tihn: ninths
eudg: nudges
erus: nurses
eerv: nerves
uibm: nimbus
eolv: novels
oadm: nomads
epal: naples
eoos: nooses
7
eiggl: niggles
tioon: notions
eiocv: novices
eoodl: noodles
tuoag: nougats
tuagh: naughts
ertua: natures
erubm: numbers
etiav: natives
eulzz: nuzzles
tuisd: nudists
eilbb: nibbles
weeph: nephews
etioc: notices
eetan: neatens
eettl: nettles
roanm: normans
roalm: normals
eetag: negates
etugg: nuggets
eualb: nebulas
eolzz: nozzles
etugm: nutmegs
eetsl: nestles
etohc: notches
eiann: nannies
eeedl: needles
iagnm: namings
rtuio: nitrous
eertu: neuters
euacn: nuances
uioox: noxious
eippa: nappies
eruov: nervous
tuogh: noughts
ipakn: napkins
eippl: nipples
eruon: neurons
euulc: nucleus
eiavv: navvies
tioan: nations
wrroa: narrows
euodl: nodules
eeism: nemesis
ertac: nectars
weesn: newness
8
etiigh: nighties
euuoas: nauseous
eeruos: neuroses
eeiscn: niceness
eeesdl: needless
wyoaad: nowadays
tuuial: nautilus
eiossn: nosiness
ertuon: neutrons
eusbnm: numbness
erilbb: nibblers
erttia: nitrates
eetoan: neonates
eioodb: nobodies
eruios: neurosis
ertual: neutrals
errtaa: narrates
errtuu: nurtures
erualm: numerals
eriosc: necrosis
euuolb: nebulous
rioasc: narcosis
tioghn: nothings
eetglc: neglects
etoalb: notables
etuiid: nudities
eeruon: neurones
etopad: notepads
eetiic: niceties
eetasn: neatness
etiiof: notifies
tuiodc: noctuids
eruuom: numerous
ertioa: notaries
eetiin: nineties
tuipal: nuptials
rtiosl: nostrils
wertok: networks
eeaslm: nameless
eeionm: nominees
eerasn: nearness
eeusdn: nudeness
9
eetiolv: novelties
etiassn: nastiness
eeossnn: nonsenses
ertiiph: nephritis
eetiagv: negatives
erttuin: nutrients
eruiosh: nourishes
rtioacc: narcotics
tipaghc: nightcaps
eeruinn: nunneries
etioslv: novelists
ertuioc: neurotics
eeaaskm: namesakes
etoookb: notebooks
eetyoph: neophytes
eiakcnm: nicknames
ertuocn: nocturnes
etioanm: nominates
wweeydl: newlyweds
euiascn: nuisances
weeersl: newsreels
euiifll: nullifies
tioaaln: nationals
weerocm: newcomers
rrrtoaa: narrators
eopaslm: neoplasms
rttuias: naturists
eeeiggl: negligees
eeeisdn: neediness
eetuaas: nauseates
etioagn: negations
ttiooan: notations
eetoadm: nematodes
eeaklcc: necklaces
eeasdkn: nakedness
eerruis: nurseries
eiiossn: noisiness
rtuiooo: notorious
eeerslv: nerveless
eeiklcn: necklines
eeoslbn: nobleness
eeiossl: noiseless
10
eruiasdm: nursemaids
eroosknm: nonsmokers
eertoanm: nanometres
ertisdgh: nightdress
eertiacn: nectarines
tuighlcb: nightclubs
rtioaagv: navigators
rttuuiio: nutritious
erioaslm: normalises
eetpaalm: nameplates
eeislbnm: nimbleness
eioosglm: neologisms
weerppas: newspapers
eeruslbm: numberless
werroasn: narrowness
ertiaghm: nightmares
eruioghb: neighbours
weetasgn: newsagents
errtiaav: narratives
eettioag: negotiates
errtuoam: numerators
wrrtoadh: northwards
eruigbnm: numberings
rrtioaan: narrations
wetassdn: newsstands
eriooplc: necropolis
11
etuiasghn: naughtiness
ertuioogn: nitrogenous
weeerrasd: newsreaders
eeetiissc: necessities
rttuuiasm: nasturtiums
weeassfhl: newsflashes
eerrrtohn: northerners
eeruossvn: nervousness
erriodknn: nondrinkers
eeetoshln: nonetheless
errtuakcc: nutcrackers
ertuaasln: naturalness
eeeriassc: necessaries
tiiooannm: nominations
tuiiascmm: numismatics
eettiionn: nonentities
eooasdcnn: nanoseconds
errioaslm: normalisers
rttuiaasl: naturalists
eertuiasl: neutralises
erttiooag: negotiators
etiosghnn: nothingness
euioossxn: noxiousness
weeerttsl: newsletters
weertassc: newscasters
12
eeeertshlv: nevertheless
etiiagghln: nightingales
eeettiassc: necessitates
eertissdgh: nightdresses
ettiiooagn: negotiations
eeuuosslbn: nebulousness
ettioghhlc: nightclothes
eeeriolvbn: nonbelievers
eeetiasgvn: negativeness
ertiooadcb: noticeboards
ertuioosgl: neurologists
eeuuoasssn: nauseousness
eerroaccnm: necromancers
ttiioaasln: nationalists
13
eeeerssslvn: nervelessness
eertuoalcnm: nomenclatures
ttiiiooafcn: notifications
eriiopahlcc: necrophiliacs
rtttuiiiosn: nutritionists
eetioasslnn: nonessentials
ettiiioaaln: nationalities
eerruuoosgn: neurosurgeons
ertuioosglm: numerologists
14
rtiiooaaslnm: normalisations
eruiooodghhb: neighbourhoods
rtiooosfcnnm: nonconformists
15
eeruiiosghlbn: neighbourliness
eerttuiiosscn: neuroscientists
16
weerrioasddnnm: narrowmindedness
ttiiiooaaaslnn: nationalisations
17
eerrrtttuioasnm: neurotransmitters

nt
3
i: nit
u: nut
e: net
o: not
4
et: nett
we: newt
ea: neat
ex: next
es: nest
5
igh: night
6
wtii: nitwit
eisc: nicest
uogh: nought
uoag: nougat
eugg: nugget
uisd: nudist
wees: newest
uagh: naught
7
eetas: neatest
eascn: nascent
eoslb: noblest
eeras: nearest
eioss: nosiest
eeglc: neglect
8
rtuias: naturist
weassc: newscast
eeovnn: nonevent
iiishl: nihilist
etiass: nastiest
eiioss: noisiest
eioslv: novelist
eeeisd: neediest
ertuin: nutrient
9
eeiggln: negligent
ertuinm: nutriment
werroas: narrowest
weeasgn: newsagent
weripsn: newsprint
10
eertoshm: nethermost
oaahlcnn: nonchalant
eioolvnn: nonviolent
rtuiaasl: naturalist
ertuiasl: neutralist
etuiasgh: naughtiest
eyopannm: nonpayment
11
eruioosgl: neurologist
tiioaasln: nationalist
eeeradflc: needlecraft
eruioshnm: nourishment
eetiosxnn: nonexistent
12
errtooshnm: northernmost
eruioosglm: numerologist
rttuiiiosn: nutritionist
13
riooosfcnnm: nonconformist

nu
2
: nu

nv
5
eeg: negev

nw
3
e: new
o: now
5
ooh: nohow
6
rroa: narrow
eeph: nephew

vp
4
am: vamp

